[Music]
Hey, hey,
hey. Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
music.
Giant clam.
How is this the [__] song that came
on shuffle?
Holy [__]
You broke my
heart. Now I'm standing here
alone. I want escape from reality.
[Music]
And then [__] back to love me.
[Applause]
[Music]
Yeah, back to love is nice and all, but
can we run it back to Giant Clam?
Thank you.
There we go. Now it's fixed. We just
nuked the building.
I'm a giant clam. I'm a giant clam. I'm
a giant clam. Yeah, I'm a giant clam.
Yeah, I'm a giant clam. Yeah, I'm a
giant clam. Coins. I'm a giant clam. I'm
a giant clam.
Holy
[__] Okay.
[Music]
Anyone in anyone in chat hear when the
song was released?
[Music]
[Applause]
I
guess I dreamed of a
Check this [__] out.
Check this Check this [__] out.
[Music]
Reality forgiveness came
the baby. Why won't you show me the way?
[Music]
Right.
This is like some religious [__] I was
like Christian or something said to
forgive everyone. I understand it. You
got check this [__] out. This shit's
[Music]
crazy. The ever forest alive.
I didn't really
[Music]
Yeah, you can say hi to everyone if you
want. Hold on. I have to pause back to
love.
You can say hi. Hi every pony. Oh,
hello. Hi every
pony. Q& A. Uh, Nami, Nami Q&A. Ask them
anything. Nam Nam Q&A. Ask me anything
below. Below.
Why does the keyboard look like that?
That's not a question for you. Oh, you
can tell. Why? Or we'll tell you why.
You can tell them all about the the like
heist and everything. The heist.
Exactly. Yes.
So, there was this wizard,
right? There is this wizard, dude.
Can I swear?
I I make death threats on stream, you
know. It's fine.
[__] was so good at Tony Hawk,
pro
skater,
dude. And so like he he like was so like
good at it. And and then one day
somebody came up and they they broke his
they broke they broke his skateboard.
What are you talking about? And then
this appeared under his pillow. Like
like you know how like when when you put
a tooth under your pillow, the tooth
fairy comes up and they they put a
quarter or whatever the [__] they put
money. They give you money, right?
Instead the keyboard. Boom. Wake up.
Keyboard under my pillow. Wake up. Wake
up. Keyboard under my pillow. Why? All
cuz my skateboard go
Anyway, Daddy asked you to say Ronut. To
say what? To say ronut. Ronut.
Yes, Ronut. Yes, Ronut. Yes, Ronut. Yes,
Ronut. Next question.
What are you doing here in my forest?
What are you doing in my forest? This
tingle the [__] fairy. Yes. You know
what? Last night I watched a Tik Tok of
him. I watched it a Tik Tok of him.
Yeah, it was like a clip of it on Tik
Tok and I saw it and I was like Sad
World or like his Gibby moments like No,
like of Sad World from of Tinkle the
[__] Fairy. Are the t are the Tik Tok
Are the Tik Tockers learning about Sad
World? They're learning about Sad World
and our very happy.
This is almost a podcast. Grownups.
Oh yes, a podcast.
Oh boy.
Oh
boy. We got background music. We do. We
got snacks. Snackground music. I was
going to ask you Q& A. Let me ask you.
Mhm.
Are you meal
meal? I'm not hungry right now. Brutal.
I might be in a little bet. I just
haven't at all today. Yeah. Go eat food.
Go eat now. Go eat now.
Confess now. Anyway, it's great talking
to every pony. Waves at you. Waves at
you. We'll be doing at Babscon. Oh, yes.
Yes. Yes. Don't forget
to do that, I guess. What? Should I? I
don't know. Should I what?
Come to Babscon.
Don't Don't come to Babscon. Go to the
[__] concert.
Sorry. Go to Go to Babscon when his
content gets better. When his content
gets better,
I want to shake your hand. Shake your
hand. I want to shake your hand. I want
shake your
hand. Okay. Oh, see over here. Bat bat
bat bat. You are the cryb baba.
No. No. Neigh neigh neigh. You know
what? Soccer.
[Music]
Okay,
cool. Hey everyone, welcome to the
stream. I'm going to unleash. Who's the
[__] in Who the [__] in call today?
Oh god, Smellvin the terrible. All
right, everyone's released.
Who's Who's here
today? Daddy said bellow. But
said bellow. Hello.
Um, and welcome to the Violet Pony
stream.
Today we're going to play a [__] ton of
the Red Dead epilog. Might finish it,
might not. No idea. I don't know how
long it is. Um, but I'm starting early
today so we have some extra time.
um report on the album. I'm working on
like five albums right now, but the one
in particular is Love and Pony
Step. And
uh I would I would say we're like
halfway there now most and halfway there
from like maybe 2% as of uh a month and
a half ago.
Uh most of the songs that have demos are
like a session or two away from
completion and
uh we're we're we're making big fat
progress on it.
So now the difficulty with this album
is for Once in a Blue Moon. This is an
album where I'm working with a lot of
different people. So, a lot of the time
sync stuff is going to be dependent on a
lot of like collaborators getting their
their [__] in. And I'm not even just
talking about the music video thing
either. I'm talking about like you the
the other
ones. So, we're we're having the
time. Um, but it's going really well.
We're hitting some snags along the way,
but album is going uh very very well
now. some surprising some surprising
developments that are very exciting
musically for
me.
Um, yeah, I'm not really going to be
sharing demos on stream anymore because
now we're in like the later progress pro
uh the later pro what is the word? Later
stage of the album. So, we're in the end
game. We're in the end game
now, but I've been I'm making a demo I
think every day bar for like a couple of
days this past
month.
So, so yeah, it's going well. want to
report on that.
And I'm
hoping that I have I'm a kind of sniffly
today, so please forgive me if I'm like
disgusting.
The sniffle ba? Yeah.
Um, but next said the sneezing. The
sneezling. I went outside like a few
minutes ago and I sneezed like four
times just trying to get out the door.
Um, what was I gonna say? Uh, I want to
try and wrap up all the things I'm
working on right now all together. Um,
by like the
summer, I feel like Love and Pony stuff
will be done before the summer. So, I I
mostly mean everything that I'm doing
right now. Um, and then once I once I
wrap up production on everything I'm
working on right now, uh, I'll have
plenty of stuff to like put out over a
time period.
um while I work on Promise Complex
because that's going to be the
focus.
Um I'm very uh we're actually we're
actually [__] doing Promise Complex
time this guy. We're actually doing
Promise Complex this time, guys. I
promise. I promise complex that we're
doing Promise Complex 2019.
And you're going to finish the fairy
tale booklet. Yeah. Well, oh, that's
part of that's part of the that's part
of the the road map is to to work on
Promise Complex, I have to finish the
fairy tale stuff
first. And
um so the first the first step is
finishing the fairy tale stuff.
Yay.
Um and then once the fairy tale stuff is
done, then I move on to the promise
complex
stuff.
Um the other thing is I find it quite
simple. I don't know if I talked about
this on last stream, but I'll talk about
it here again because I know I tweeted
about it, but I was thinking also in the
process of working on Promise Complex,
we'd also start putting out all the
other albums that I've done on YouTube.
Uh because
um ever since Carousel, I started
releasing the albums in full in one
video and then individual songs. Um but
I didn't do that pre-C carousel. I'm
thinking uh we could start doing that
with we we'd premiere the older albums
in a single video
um each and that' be a great way to like
catch everyone up on the old part of the
disgraphy and we can do a stream after
and discuss stuff like um discuss like
history and like little little tid
trivia tidbits and if it's related to
the lore, what's going on in the story
and stuff. Um Z said yes is so hype. Uh,
the one thing is is that I want to re
rework Control Freaks. I might include
that in the stuff I need to finish
before the summer. So, if that's the
case, then we can totally do control
freaks one and two back to
back. So, yeah, lot lot of
stuff. a lot of stuff and all this and
my [__] Babscon thing and tax season
which is my favorite season of all
time where almost all the money I have
goes to
IRS. Well, sometimes more than all the
money I
have. A lot of things I do have to
navigate tax week.
Um, I don't know why this had to fall
right before Babscon, but it's
great. Um, anyway, here we are. So much
stuff to do. We're having a great time
over here, guys. We're I'm sick as [__]
And we're making music and we're doing
stuff. So Oh, wait. So, is it capitalism
lore? Honestly, capitalism is part of
the Love and Pony stuff lore.
Okay. Do I know violent pony
[Music]
music? Monolith to a
hellion. A honeymoon
phase. Is that uh the magic show?
Nice. Is that
I'm going to
sneeze. Okay.
Um I can't I'm going to sneeze
again. No, I'm not
apparently.
Um, do a carousel where you only reveal
like the second half of the songs before
the stream. Like, wow, Control Freaks
has six songs and not
three. That's so [__]
funny. Where is my
[Music]
[__] I got it. Okay, I
win. I'm normal. Okay.
Um, I am violent pony. What the hell is
this? We will We will get emotions EP on
YouTube. That's actually going to
happen. Said pony.
I feel like emotion. Oh, wait. Here it
comes. No, it doesn't every time I say
it.
So
snee sneezing stream.
Huh? If you were a Pokemon, you'd be
sneezing. I think
so. I mean more like Wee Viile or
Lucario, but that's okay. Well, cuz
you're sneezing.
Uhhuh. That's the joke is sneezing. No,
I I get it. Don't worry about it. Okay.
I'm a sneezing Lucario. So true.
Um I'm like if Lucario were fat and a
girl [__] and 20 feet tall. Okay.
Um all of this to say I still don't know
what this is.
letter to the princess. I don't think it
is. Also, don't give me the
answer. What the
hell is it?
Uh, mind we're forgetting that one song
name from
Colorless. I should know this
one. Healing. That's not Healing, but
that's my guess right
now. Wait, is it my letter to the
princess? Okay. Yeah, don't give me the
answer next time. But I did I
Okay, wizard. of
loves.
Oh, in the absence of comfort, I think
uh Babscon is going to be very
uh Paradise Valley pled.
My bad. Capricorn is gonna be very
Paradise Valley
pill
me. Uh
daddy said slouch.
Saloo. That's hush, right? No, that's
caring
child.
[__] I almost folded.
I should know what this is and I
don't want I play any top 10 vids. 10
vids. 10. That's not the
number. Oh, this is this is uh at the
end of the
rainbow.
Nice. The sing a song about life thing
is my producer tag, but I also have a
million producer
tags. I'm a very indecisive person, so
I've resorted to just like anytime
something feels like a tag to me, it's a
tag
[Music]
now. I don't know why I had to think
about that for a second. My brain's sort
of busy trying not to
sneeze. Dancing with the devil.
Wait, is that the is that No, that's not
the Colossus. That's a graffiti.
Fisher's Landing
right at the Hypocrite
Festival. This
comet
plural. Look at
that. Nice.
And look at look at all those
chickens. All those chickens.
Daddy said, "Look at all those donuts."
No, Baddy. No. No. No. Look at all those
donuts. Look at all those donuts. Beex
said, "Look at all those donuts."
Peer
pressure. Echolia. Echolia. Peer
pressure.
Yeah. Hooray.
Okay. Yay. I love your
Wait, what did you What did you say
back?
Oh, so why did I say baddy
text? I love peer press. My name
My nama is none like Joshua.
Right. Right. Can we go through those?
Can we go through those? Can we go
through those? Can we can we guys can we
talk about this for a second?
Ew. Ew. Ew. No. Relax. You're okay.
There's a sample pack called Linguistics
by None Like Joshua. Good.
And it's this is Listen, guys. If you
want to make music, you need this sample
pack cuz check this out.
E, my name is none like Joshua. You need
this sample pack. This is something you
need to make music.
Know they never seen me.
Now the base kicks in. You guys need
this.
Now it's all over. Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait. You just got owned.
Do you guys understand how much you need
this?
Can you hear this? Move.
Mean when I'm a cow.
Listen to this. A long time ago. Far far
away. What? I don't I didn't hear that
one before. Bring it back
now. I'm
ready. Make it loud. Okay. Can we get
the German one? Can we get the German
ones? I guess.
You're fine.
Zoisten Zoisen fear. My nama is none
like Joshua. My nama is none like
Joshua. My nama is none like Joshua. My
nama is none like
Joshua. My nama is none like Joshua. You
need this in your music now. Everyone
needs this in their music now.
Essex.
Okay. Can we do the Japanese ones,
please?
Do we have to? Yes.
Wait,
wait. Oh, wait. Josh. Josh in chat.
That's You're You're the You're the
actual real Josh,
though. You're the getter. You're the
getter. Dex said, "Hi, I've grown up."
Hi, the getter. Josh, do you want do you
want want mod privileges so you can be
blue?
Look at her. Blue in chat. Okay, I'll
make you blue.
There you go. You're blue now. That's my
attack. That's my attack. You're blue
now.
Anyway, Josh, there's an impostor among
us and he's right here.
What? What would you need these for? I
like I Huh. By the way, this pack has
7,000 samples in it, which cost 7,000
credits.
to to get the it you need 7,000. You
could make a song with just these. And
you should and you can. Can we listen to
the British ones? Well, that was
rubbish.
Bugger. That was a little dodgy. That
was a little dodgy. What are you on
about? That was ace. Are you daff? Well,
that was
bonkers. Are you daff? Absolut bloody
lutely.
Right. Are you down? Are you dim?
Bugger bugger. Did you fancy that? That
was ace. That was rubbish. That was a
little dodgy. Did you fancy that? Are
you dim? Are you dim? I think I'm
gobsmacked. I think I'm gobsmacked. I
think I'm gobsmacked. Beck said, "I
think I'm Did you fancy that?" Is there
a way to get into making music without
spending hundreds of dollars out the
gate? Once you have a laptop, pirate
everything. That's your answer. Samples,
pirate them. Software, pirate them.
Pirate CI.
Um, instrument VSTs, pirate them.
And then get vital, which is a free VST
anyway. That's that's the main way you
do it.
When I started off with uh when I
switched to Ableton, I didn't have a
legal copy of Ableton for like two and a
half
years. Like I don't really think that I
would have made a ton of
progress as an artist if I hadn't
pirated Ableton. Now I own Ableton
legally, but it it didn't start out that
way. What made you get a legal copy? I
guess technically getting it legally is
easier if you have the money for it, but
and like and things tend to work and
like you can update it easier, but
otherwise just just [__] do piracy
until you can afford
it. Oh yeah, sound fonts. Sound fonts
are good.
Sometimes there are sound funds of like
uh existing music libraries.
Like back when I was working on Super
Pony World 2016,
um I
had some sound font libraries that were
just like east west uh instrument
libraries that were turned into sound
fonts. Like someone took like hundreds
of dollars worth of East West instrument
libraries and turned them into SF2s. It
was like really funny and it worked.
Part of the reason uh Super Pony World
had a lot more orchestral stuff for the
time is because of those
libraries. I I I believe most people
believe in piracy. The only people who
don't
like are probably not trustworthy
anyway. Like I feel like the average
person is pro piracy.
That's just like the median
belief. Any good recommendations on
sound fonts? Honestly, no. Whenever I
was looking for sound fonts back in the
day, um it was either a video game that
I knew and loved or it was just looking
up instrument space sound font on Google
and just like going through the results
and stuff. Um it is some work to curate
a sound font library that works, but
like it feels earned once you have that
library.
It's really funny for emulation
communities of all communities to be
antipiriracy, but that's Yeah, whatever.
Like one of my all-time favorite games,
Earthbound and Chrono Trigger, I would
have never played without
emulation. Like, because I'm sorry, to
buy an SNES and the original cartridges
is a [__] fortune.
if if I would be happy to buy these
games if they made them easier to own
legally, but they don't make it easier
to own legally.
So, also, let it be known, and here's my
hold on. Let's let's have a
conversation.
Uh, let's talk about the famous. Let us
talk about the famous. my most beloved
DJ Goober himself who made the song
Animals, you know, Martin Gar Garrick's
Animals. I I will go up to bat for
Martin Garrick's for the rest of my
life. I think he's the coolest ever. Uh
I think his music is great and everyone
who doesn't like Martin Garrick's music
needs to like piss off because like if
you don't know how to party and it makes
you mad that party music exists, then
you need to like find some enjoyment in
your life of some variety.
Um uh but this absolute legend created
what Martin Garrick's he created animals
when he was like what 16 17 and
somewhere in this video I wonder if it's
on in the
popular somewhere in this video he shows
his copy of Silence. Here it
is. And right there it says licensed to
team
air. This indicates that in this
interview with 10 million views, he
showed that he made animals with a
pirated version of Silence
One, the the the legend of all
time. The legend of all time. The
license to would show normally show the
name you input, but Team Air is or was a
cracking team for for plug-in VSTs and
stuff.
So,
um, and and he made one of the biggest
EDM hits of
2013, if not the biggest EDM hit of 2013
with a pirated version of Silent One and
then showed it to 10 million people on
Future Music
Interview. That is that is a power
move. And I don't think anyone's going
to argue that he shouldn't have done
that because he was a [__] kid,
didn't have money, and just wanted to
make
music. So, what are you going to do
about it? What are you going what are
you going to do about
it? So, uh if you want to make music
pirate [__] one day if you can afford
it, go ahead and afford it. Otherwise,
there's no uh art shouldn't be gay
kept. Oh yeah, spending records is
awful. Most record labels are awful. The
actual artists themselves almost never
give a [__] about stuff like that.
M Martin Garrick would not would Martin
Garrick is a part of EDM culture where
remixing edits and covers are a huge
part of everything. That is that that
would not be this this his stance would
not be to constantly strike people for
remixing things because that's what he
does. It's always labels. Labels ruin
everything. Copyright Copyright law is a
scam. And uh copyright law is a
scam. Again, this is why I don't put my
music on YouTube music because if I do,
that's what allows them to automatically
copyright strike
people. Oh, yeah. I am inspired by both
Radio Head and Kendrick Lamar. Uh
I don't Yeah.
Aside from personal trainer cooking
because I thought it was really
funny. I love brave little abacus.
Where's the What was the [__] thing I
tweeted the other
day? Sorry. Like I have Let me get
it. I better this better come up in the
next like two seconds or else I'm going
to scream. I don't remember how long ago
it was I tweeted this. Here it is.
I tweeted this like last
month and I I think I tweeted this like
a year or two before this, but I just
decided to repost it
again. I I am one of the best accounts
on Twitter if we're being completely
honest.
Like I was just saying today if I had if
I had a Twitter like a social media
manager, my media tab wouldn't be
allowed to look like this. It's It's an
incredible media tab and I'm very proud
of
myself. Wait, can we do the
said, "Oh, that's the full one. Where's
the
other?" Come
on. Come on.
My Twitter. Wait, Ratty. My Twitter is
really
good. How are you doing
today? I I figured out how to do that on
command, so I've been doing
it. Oh.
I love pulling out Cadence.
Who and why? Oh,
hello P. You only have one chance.
One chance. You only have one. One shot.
So so so still so still so so still so
still so so still so still so so still
so still so still so so confused on what
what
means on on the on this video on this
thing you're confused about what this
[Music]
means it's just
cuz so okay now he said kids inside
um
I I was I was going I was just seeing
these messages and I was like moving my
mouse to to click on something and then
I accidentally like dragged Cadence. I
was like, "Oh, I should I should like
screen like screen record this really
quickly." And I was like and and then
the smile song started playing in the
background in my head. So, I was just
like, "I'll just put those two
together." It's like so pleasant. That's
that's all that's literally all it is.
I was just like, "Oh, it's so nice that
you could pull her out." Dex said is
gentle and kind. I also love tweeting
[__] like this because like every
everyone's like, "Oh my god, Herobrine.
Herobrine. Herobrine." No, this has
nothing to do with Herobrine. This has
nothing to do with nostalgia. I just was
like sending Minecraft screenshots in
chat yesterday because it was funny to
me cuz there's no reason to do that.
It's like I'm just sending like straight
up Minecraft screenshots and not saying
anything. And everyone's just like,
"Okay, but what does this mean? It
doesn't mean anything. It's just funny
to send them to send them. This does
this tweet doesn't mean anything.
Like I was literally just posting
Minecraft screenshots. Has nothing to do
with
anything. That's just how I [__] do
[__] Sometimes I have a purpose.
Sometimes I don't have a purpose.
Sometimes I have no purpose at all.
Where am I?
Um Albania. That's not Albania. You're
so close. That is the Mushroom Kingdom.
Oh, okay.
light here was perfect until one day
flint and steel. We came
across someone help. I think my leg is
broken could help me. My [__] son
that I
hate. Dex is your favorite.
Dex said yay.
This this
Buckling up my dead son. This This is my
favorite kind of thing to tweet to be
honest. I have this is a sticker in the
server.
[Music]
Anyway, yeah, my Twitter's really good.
Dax, what do you think of this one?
Shut up.
Come on.
Oh, it's that one
again. Yeah, my Twitter's really good.
Oh, Baddy.
How did she do that?
Daddy said me. Anyway, this is if you
have to be on Twitter for some reason,
one of the only reasons you should be on
Twitter is to follow
me. So, so you can see more stuff like
[Music]
this. Feel this.
Yeah.
[Music]
And see, you never know what you're
going to get with my tweets and what my
intentions are. You might think this one
is just to be funny, but in reality,
these are two of my favorite songs put
together. That's all it is. That's all
it means to
me. We We had a [__] dissertation on
on Party Rock an Anthem last stream. I I
I Party Rock Anthem is one of the best
songs of all time. I I'll I'll stand by
that forever. Same thing with Martin
Garrick's Animals.
When the in that one video started
playing, I actually started tearing up
immediately. Wait, which one? The
Undertale music. Oh, no. I Undertale
music just does that there. Which
speaking about which Delta Run tomorrow?
Yeah, they're putting me in it this
time. Said yellow came. You were already
in Delta Run before. You were in
Undertale before.
They don't remember.
Remember the flower?
Remember that? You were in there.
Literally. You were literally in there.
Yeah, I do have that guy in my frame.
And that guy's coming back.
That's right. Flowey is is the next
feature on Get Sexy Too.
Yes. Yes. Yes. No. No. No. No. It's a
joke. Be relax. Said no.
Look, if you just if you just get
Stardust to future on Get Sexy 2, it'll
be like the It's the same exact thing.
Well, to be fair, I I do have the It's
all about the game recording now.
Oh, true. I need to do I need to do one.
You do need to do one so you can take
recordings and not something else. When
you make the perfect electro swing
album, um can you see I'm not making the
electro swing album. I'm not making the
I'm not making I'm not making the
song. If you don't make the electro
swing album, can you make an album
that's just get sexy? It's like get sexy
like a bunch of times like slightly
different.
Sorry, you hurt me. I like am I'm like
stun locked. What are you saying? No,
no, no, no. See, that's actually So, so
everyone else to pay attention. It's
actually a secret technique you use to
defeat the Gwen boss really quickly.
See, okay, you can't say when's country
album because I've already talked about
that. I'm making a country album at some
point. This isn't funny anymore cuz it's
real. the the electric. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 10.
Good job, Baddy. I'm so proud of you.
You did it, said 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
here. Let me try. Let me try.
Said want me.
Are you laughing at numbers? Okay,
everyone with a with a serious face.
Everyone keep a serious face as I
say. One, two, three, four. But
[Music]
Azy, I didn't even get the 10. Cryales
said 1 2 3 uh 2 8 uh two with me. All
right. All right. Let's try wrong with
all of us. Let's try again. I'm going to
count just to 25. Said and I believe in
all of you. It's not funny. Like the act
of counting to 25 is not funny. Which
means that when I do this, everyone
should just be normal. Okay. You know
what's funnier than one?
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
B. Oh my god, I didn't even get to like
15. Okay, let's try again. One, two,
three, four. [__]
One, two, three, four. What? What?
[__] tabs.
Laugh Baba.
Where? Where? No. Don't get none like
Joshua back in here. Okay.
Kindergarten level stream right now. Can
you start listing colors now? One, two,
three, four. That's not what they are.
Chartreuse. Chartreuse. Chartreuse.
Blue. Blue. Blue.
Purple. Red.
Green. Orange. Blue. Orange. Blue.
Orange. Blue. Orange. Blue. Orange.
Blue. Blue. Orange. Blue. Orange. What?
You can't. All right. Everybody [__]
stay back. Here
comes teal.
I know. Periwinkle, right? Boomer.
Purple. Right.
sent an image file.
Can we get some pink represent the
[__] the [__] comment? Can we get
some pink representation up in here? And
their profile picture is literally just
the color pink.
I love it. You can't [__] make this
best. Actually, I want to talk about
that. I I I really liked the Violet Pony
movie, but I feel like there wasn't
enough orange representation. There was
lots of blue, but up. I'm coming to your
house. Okay. I'm coming to your house.
Be Can you hold on? Yeah.
Can I what?
Oh, I get it.
What was that again? B.
Oh,
I
Mhm. Go ahead. Say it again. Oh, no. Oh,
I don't know. Why are you Does anyone
remember what be said?
I don't even know what I said. Who am I?
Where am I? What's happening? Who am I?
Remember what
they said?
What else?
Um, you remember get sexy 2015
enough
orange representation.
What are you doing? You're getting
written up.
I need you to give this to the principal
on your way out today. Oh, I can't. You
and Fluffy are going to be spending
detention together. They'll call home. I
can't get in trouble with my parents
again.
You're spending detention with Fluffy.
Can we I I can sacrifice Fluffy and then
Can I avoid detention? No, that doesn't
count. Can I have the tire while
Fluffy's at detention?
God, you know that tire is only Hey,
what's that [__] little like green
bear doing in the corner of the box?
That's Pico. It's fine. Don't worry
about it.
Put more tape on the box. Oh, your
handwriting is just a bunch of
scratches. I'm Because I have claws.
Will Will, you're okay. You're okay. The
the country album will happen. You're
okay. Bap bap to Will. I'm so sad. We We
all care. Well,
babb.
Uh, I was going to do something and now
I've forgotten everything because I was
busy writing up B. Who's spending the
tension that effect on people with the
sacrifice, right? His name. He has a
name. What's that? Question. [__]
Daddy said be so kind. Question. After
we sacrifice [__] who do we sacrifice?
We just revive Fluffy. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Stop.
Are we still doing counting?
You just started doing it randomly. I
know. We're trying to 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8.
We can't [__] do this. We can't do
this. You got this. You got this.
One, two, three. I believe in you. I
believe. Four. 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25
Yay!
Okay, you did it. You counted 25.
There's more numbers
25. Mhm.
Nothing. I can't think of anything. 26
little row. 26 little row. I'm that
many. I'm sobbing. I started losing my
[__] at number 15. Not because of the
lettuce.
Can you make a character that's just
like 328, but like the number is like
really low, so like if anyone's
counting, they just like encounter it.
But when someone thinks about five,
they're just they're done.
Violet pony fans when they see numbers.
Can we talk about Stigian colors?
What? True. Stigian colors like from My
Little Stigian. There's like blue
sunburst's boyfriend.
True. Maybe. True. Um there are colors
that are like theoretically the most
color of the color they can be. It's a
really cool concept and I like it just
the way
is a great character.
Sorry, I was going to say that again. I
spaced out.
I don't know why I think I lost myself
in the twinkle of your eye or whatever.
No, that's that's No, that's the not
that's not it. That's that's not the
lyrics. No, it it is, but I meant repeat
what you said before.
Oh. Um, I said stigian colors are like
the most color a color can be. So like
stigia yellow is like the most yellow a
yellow can be. Is that just primary?
Like yellow primary?
Well, yeah, but it's more of like a more
of a theoretical than Oh, so it's like
super yellow. Yeah, super green. Extra
extra happy. Should know this. Extra
happy. That's my favorite color. Happy.
My favorite color. It's a form of red.
Okay, I know I should know this, but is
there like a standardized like standard
like primary colors besides just like
like yellow? Like is it just like is it
a specific yellow? Is it just yellow? I
feel like there isn't. Right. It's not
standardized, right? There's also the
issue of like everyone sees colors a
little bit differently. Yeah.
Your blue is my red. Your blue is my
red. Not really. I don't think that's
true because I lie. I don't lie. I've
never said an untruth in my entire life
of living. Your queen is back. Sexy.
Shut up. What? I don't even know. We're
putting you down, babe. We're I don't
even know why I don't even know why I
chose Queen is back. I just needed a
song. We're putting you back. We're
putting you down. We're putting you
back.
Back where? We're putting you back.
You're going back on the shelf. If you
wait, if you're putting me back, does
that imply you took me? No. Shut
up. Shut up. I don't have enough paper
to write this up.
Oh, you're going to need a whole filing
cabinet for me. The The cabinet is all
yours.
No home. New home. I live in there. I
live in there now. You can't get rid of
me. Why am I just staring at an old
version of Silent One? We were talking
about how awesome it was that uh in the
not future music the music radar
interview Martin Garrick had a the
license to team air silent thing and
that was and then we started counting
and then we started counting. When are
we getting the Martin Garrick's remix of
get sexy Martin Gart things for a long
time. You keep saying stuff but it
doesn't mean anything. It would go
insane though. Trust. No it it it's not
you say is real or true. Actually wait
what if it was big room? That's a good
point.
Can you get Kendrick Lamar on Get Sexy
5? Exactly.
Um, I don't think I don't think he would
I don't think he'd be that interested.
You never know unless you try. I Okay,
so like usually that's true, but this is
like one of those cases where I'm like
100% sure. You never know. Maybe maybe
Kendrick Lamar is a really big fan of
Get Sexy 2015.
You don't know.
Be
We're putting you down. We're putting
you
down. Be so quiet.
Be so quiet. Be so quiet. Can you play
cowboys? Yeah. I was about to be like,
we can we can we can move on to the main
event now. Yay. Yay. Time for cowboys of
gaming. I almost opened VLC.
That's how you play. And we love to
play. Can we get that gift? And we love
to play. I don't know if I have the
gift. I have the
gift. Let me get the gift.
Gwen said a link. I went said a link. A
link. Link. A link from Legend of Yes.
And we love And we love to play a link.
And we love to play. And we love to
play. Said a link. This is like such a
This is such a a preposterous gift. And
I love it so much. And we love I don't
know what this means or like this one is
pink or what this is from. It means that
they love to play. But and we love to
play. But it's like and we love to play.
But what is this in addendum to cuz it's
it starts with and and what was the
first part? We love to kill and play.
They start sentences with just and btw
without having anything prior said.
Same. Yeah. And we love to take. No.
Shut up. Shut up. You're
like not moral. You're not good.
Do they Do they love to play on Lego
Island? Is that it? Did they love to
play on Lego Island?
Lego Island. Gwen. Yeah. We play Legos
at Babscon. Uh, if I'm not bringing
them, but if there are some. Yeah. Yeah.
I heard there's a Bonnie was telling me
there's a sticker ban at Babscon.
What? That no one's allowed to sell
stickers there. No [__] way. That
doesn't sound
because apparently at that hotel people
were taking stickers and sticking them
all over the hotel and they wouldn't
come off. That does happen. I guess the
hotel I guess I guess got [__] sick
of mind. I'm glad I'm not going. Yeah,
that's I'm like, what the hell? Stickers
are like my favorite thing to buy.
That's one of the only things I go for a
to a convention for is stickers.
Question, Gwen, where they're like the
main thing. I feel like what are what
are the chances there's a there's a
sticker black market by like watching
them. There probably
is. There probably is a sticker black
market at Babscon. They probably just
sell it under the table. Said the link.
Oh, here's your here's your
uh here's your print. Here's your like
little print. Also, here's five free
stickers. Yeah, I don't know where those
came from. No, it's like it's like what
are they going to I think everyone at
Babscon should sell stickers this year
cuz what are they going to do? Kick out
Babscon and not come back again. It's
the last one.
What are they What are they going to do
about it? What are they going to do
about it?
Yeah, VI, you really should throw a
grenade into the crowd. I mean, what are
they going to do about it? Not invite
you back? Yeah, not invite me back. Of
course. For all intents and purposes,
there is no threat to terrorism at the
Babscon Convention.
That's That's
I'm not going to do that. I promise. I
think I promise you should throw the
singular control freeze part one
CD that doesn't exist.
Make one. That's what I'm saying. Can
you throw a rock at somebody? I I could
just generally
Hold on. What am I doing? I need to put
this. Who am I? Where am I? What's
happening? What's my name?
What's my name again? I don't know. Um
Well, it depends. Well, yeah, it
depends.
Yeah, there's a lot of Shay's influence
in my in my music. You got to spin the
pilford pronoun wheel, but it has like
names on it.
That's just me. That's my
Are we getting the stardust wheel? Wait,
would I would I would I would I get in
trouble with YouTube if I show the
skitty gift?
I have no idea, but it's really good. It
is. It is. You know what? I'm going to
take a beautiful gift. Take the pledge.
I'm going to take the pledge. Take the
pledge. Whoever archives the stream, uh,
because I'll just delete the stream.
Whoever archives the stream, you're
taking the fall for if YouTube gets you
in trouble for this.
Wait, if we're deleting the stream, does
that mean I can make threats against uh
government officials? Yeah. Yay. Wait,
hold on. What did you say?
If we're if we're deleting the stream
anyway, can I make threats against
government officials? No, don't. Please
don't do that.
Please, please don't do that. I already
got in trouble for No. Okay, so I I got
a YouTube copyright strike. Um I got a
not a copyright strike. I got a YouTube
community strike for my my uh Truly
Facts video if anyone remembers that.
Oh. And it was because it was because
the only reason it happened is because I
had uh a part where it said it had a
picture of Cheerly and it had a picture
of Ted Kazinski and it said, "Have you
ever seen them in the same room with
each other?" That's it. That's all it
was. And it's and I got a community
strike because it said you were
glorifying terrorism.
That's it. Mango Mango Folic says, "What
do you mean? It's Joe Biden's America."
So, bad news. We have really bad news
about that one. Crazy news. Elon Musk
actually owns the country. I was about
to say company, but that would have been
true.
Also true.
Anyway, [__] like, okay, here's the
thing. I I've I've I swear to God I've
seen Esler all over YouTube before, but
like no one getting in trouble for it,
but like uh people actually subscribe to
me, so I'm like I don't
know. I don't know if they'll care. I
know you can't. I don't think you can
say it on Twitch. I don't know about
YouTube, though. Well, but you didn't
even say it. You just I mean, it's
probably fine. Yeah, it's just text that
like an OCR reader can have. You're
right. That can auto scan for it. You're
It's not a big deal. It could just get
autocanned by OCR.
They get auto scanned by MCR. I can get
autoscanned by MCR. Do that.
This is how they made songs.
Oh my god, we really are back in 2016.
Sentence Obama senpai, come back,
please. Yeah, I was I was looking at
that one. We we we really are back in
2016 ass sentence.
[Music]
I temporarily escaped to France to get
away from the elongate. I'm so sorry.
I don't I don't think I'm ever going to
make a a break album. Also, people call
everything break when most of what they
call break isn't break.
Can you make break and it's just you
breaking like a bunch of bones of like
someone
else crash? True. I think some of the
some of the big some of the big pain
I've had is is like seeing like jungle
tunes out in the wild and people be
like, "Oh, this is some crazy
breakor." No, I was Roxy. I was
literally just saying that. I didn't see
that message until I just said that. It
happened. It came off like as you said.
Yeah,
you already made car crash core. Oh, I
didn't know.
People call Fentinel break and Fentinel
is not even really break.
No, not quite. Maybe some of the songs,
but
Wait, what's my control scheme? Oh, it's
Fortnite. Okay, good. Good morning. I
use my Fortnite control scheme with with
Red Dead. So, you press G to move
forward, E to move left, uh T to move
right, um S.
Don't look at me like that. I'm like,
there's like a million things my brain
is processing all at once right now.
Chat, it's time to mute up. Chat, it's
time to
Hi, Violet. Are you still in Sparrow
Pizza? Of course I am. What? I'm not a
faker. I'm a real person. I'm always
into Sparrow's Pizza cuz I'm a real
one. I don't I don't think someone who's
a real one says I'm a real one, but you
know how it is. You know how we do it.
So, okay. I had to remember we we got a
loan from the bank. This game's getting
a little too
corporate. And we might have to kill
these people up here.
Where's my dog? Already. Stock market
crashes. Read all about it.
Are you
good? I don't know what your name is.
Oh, wait. You're You're Miss Bronette. I
forgot.
Yes. Yes. Miss Ronut.
Miss Rona. my trans my trans mask
guy that still is called Miz for some
reason cuz he just feels like
you're [__] kidding
me. The [__] Gavin's friend is still
alive all these years
later. Damn.
I got to say this. It's coming
out. Sorry. I mean, it it is.
Don't be sorry for speaking the truth.
Looking for my Gavin.
Somebody help me.
This guy's been looking for Gavin for
like 5 years.
I've lost my friend. Somebody help me,
please.
Morning. All right, that's enough for
one day. I'm looking for my friend and
Gavin. For Gavin? What has he been gone
long? Uh, yeah. Why do you say Gavin?
Like few bloody years? I can't um I
can't remember what he looks like. I'm
looking for him, but I don't know who he
is. I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah, me
too. Me, too. I've wasted my life. I
wasted my life looking. I looked, but I
never saw. I saw nothing.
Kevin, good
luck. Kevin,
I am so worried.
Gav,
Gav, Gav,
[Music]
where are you? And I'm so sorry. Where
are you?
Okay, that's enough of Gavin's friend.
And I'm
so red versus blue. Like [__] red
versus orange or blue versus orange.
Like green versus red.
Is he still talking?
The chuckle cry reminded me of the joke
beatbox
video. Press X to gather that. No, I
don't think
I don't think I will. Let's go, boy. Go,
Miss Ronut.
[Music]
We barely finished the
last Gavin alert. I don't No, I don't
[__] think so.
You're learning. You're
learning, little
[__] Everyone Everyone's name is now
Gavin. Hi, Gavin.
We're all Gavin's friend. Friend said
no.
Hi, Gavin. Gavin said
no. No,
bro. It's Gavin time. What is this?
What? What the hell? Clear. I need to
pass.
[Music]
Easy
now. What the [__] Why is all hell
breaking loose right now?
[Applause]
Okay. What What the [__] is happening?
Give me my [__] shotgun, please.
Whoa,
easy. I actually got scanned by Paris
Metro. Well, I got scanned by Operation
Metro.
Good boy.
For like 400 hours of my life.
That's directed at Gavin, by the way.
Hey, what was that?
Easy, boy. Is that a leopard or
what? Some wild cat. It's all right.
Stay strong, boy. The [__]
Kitty, why is everything terrifying
here?
[Music]
there, boy.
Easy there.
Can I help you, friend?
I hope so. Who's in charge here? No one,
mister. This is a free country now. That
I ain't so sure about. Listen. I'm
buying this land. I'm
afraid Afraid you guys are going to have
to go somewhere else.
Who's this? I ain't sure. Some fancy
damn city boy says he owns this
land or he's going to owns it. That's
what he says. Okay. And how come we live
in here? I ain't sure.
Look, take some money. Go try and find
somewhere else to stay. You for real,
friend? Sure, take it.
You're a real gentleman. Okay, boys.
Let's go celebrate.
Thanks,
mister. Well, that was
$20, which is a lot of money in this
game. I think it was $20. I wasn't
paying
attention. No, it's uh Arthur died.
Arthur Morgan
[Music]
died. This is because Arthur Morgan is
dead of tuberculosis because he died.
He died of death. The joke of Arthur
Morgan.
Dead. A you. The man with two names and
no pass. Come on in. How'd you make out?
Well, let's just say there are no more
squatters. Okay. Well, I got your
paperwork ready. Now, you sure about
buying this place? It's really run down
and the price isn't too great. I think
it would mean a lot for my wife. At
least mean I was listening to her. Okay.
Well, sign here and here.
Mhm.
Now, we own you, Mr. Marston, and we own
Mr. Milton, too. And we own your
property, but you can buy your freedom
each week. Eventually, you will be a
homeowner.
I understand. Congratulations. And you
are now a real American indebted and
owned by the bank. I'm joking. They own
me. They just own your property. Now,
you can also use this line of credit for
any home improvements you need to make.
Of course, I can. Sure. Be good, Mr.
Marston. Welcome to home ownership. It's
a beautiful thing. Let your wife know
what to complain
about. Just joking.
You're a real American. Let's begin with
misogyny.
Well, it is you. Well, I never I I
thought you was dead, boy. Dead, uncle.
The very same. Come
here. I I saw you going into the bank
and by the looks of things, you ain't
robbed it. I've gone straight. Oh, bull
crap. No, for real. Well, I'm trying.
Uhhuh. All these years. Yeah. He changed
a bit. Maybe a little bit. I thought you
was dead.
Not yet. Well, I got some things to take
care of. No, not a problem. I'll come,
too. No, you don't have to. Oh, I'm real
sick, John. Lombago. It's a slow and
painful death, my brother. Evidently.
Have a little pity, will you? Huh? Come
on then. All right.
Okay.
You got a horse. Get Bro has Lincoln.
Follow me.
Hello, sir.
[Applause]
Toys. Toys.
[Music]
Where we headed? West. West. I'll eat
you a man a few words. Hey, I'm coming.
Hold
on. So, back to what I was talking
about. West. Oh, God. Ain't you a man a
few words? I can see we're headed west.
You know, speaking in monosyllables
don't make you seem interesting. It
makes you seem stupid. I don't care how
I seem. Well, now where are we headed?
You damn grunting fool. This ranch
I a ranch I bought just now. Is that
what you were doing in the bank?
Spending all your money? Oh, I own a
ranch in the armpit of West Elizabeth.
Oh my lord. Not that that's any of your
concern, but I was in the bank borrowing
the money. Well, that's even worse.
Yeah, you can run from a bounty, John.
You can't run from a bank. Is Abigail
there? No, she's
uh her and Jack are waiting until I'm
set up before joining me out here.
You mean she left you? Oh, I never
thought she was a smart woman, but you
know, this makes me think maybe I would.
This is why no one wanted to ride with
you. More of that. I just bought this
place and you're lucky I'm showing it to
you and not looking for a place to bury
you out here.
[Music]
He's not even the monarch of divorce
uncle. That's me.
[Music]
You know, Gavin,
my name that I have said,
[Music]
this is it. Look at her.
Okay.
What do you think? Why exactly did you
buy this dump for Abigail? Why is she an
idiot? No. What were you thinking? I
don't know. She said she wanted it. She
ever seen it? What are we going to farm
here? Right. We You don't have a hope
here without a wise hand at the tiller.
Enough of that. Get out of here. On your
way. No, you're stuck with me. Seems I'm
stuck with you, John the Rock Farmer.
So, you think I'm an idiot? No, I know
you're an idiot.
Nope. There they are, farming rocks
just like Pinkie Pie. Mhm.
[Music]
Yeah, thanks. cuz I was about to delete
that,
too. Like, I don't think we should be
saying that in here or
anywhere. I got 71
cents. But it just said I got $45. But
forgotten me, boy.
How about that, fella?
Okay.
Are you dead yet? Working hard.
It's the long baggo. If I overdo it, I
I'll get a relapse. It's very serious.
Get up or get out. You can be so testy.
What is it? Constipation. Guess you're
my proof I'll never quite outrun my
sins. You got so sanctimonious in your
old age. No wonder she left you. It's
like grooming with the King James Bible.
Get up.
I'm getting up. Oh no. What did I have
to tell you? I went into town. Oh, I got
a little
drunk. Oh [__] Well, we got to go. We
got to go to Sanden.
Charles Smith is alive. I reckon Charles
Smith alive? Really? I I reckon this I
dreamed it all and by the sound of it
not doing too good neither.
Oh,
Charles. All
right, here we are. Come on, let's get
off. All right.
Back in
Sanden. I never like this place. Oh,
yeah. I don't mean
neither. All right, let's go find that
big sour bastard. Sure.
Let's split up. Good idea. I'll take the
saloons, you take the slums. Nah, how
about I take the saloons and you take
the slums.
How much has this place
changed? Spalding.
I could be hallucinating to the signs
the other day. continue. I watched two
fellas line up for a duel. Draw. Hey,
miss
everybody take public transit back with
them without music and Instagram.
Morning.
Good morning. Good morning, sir.
Um, actually this is after 1899 because
this is like 5 years later. So yeah,
14 items. All good.
How are we today?
Ain't dead yet.
Good to hear it.
Hey, partner. You seen a big Indian guy?
Indian? Sure. I've seen hundreds.
A big guy. Boxer maybe. Likes fighting.
Yeah. Yeah. Bare knuckle guy. Think he's
he's fighting tonight over at St.
Saturnines.
Thank you. Thanks a lot. No problem,
bud.
Morning.
Can you get away from my horse?
That's Miss Rona. He doesn't have time
for you. [__] off.
Easy. What took you so long?
Oh, good lord. And I was just beginning
to enjoy some peace and quiet.
Ask that first barman I met and he told
me Charles was here.
Not one of life's great mysteries. They
love surprise, but they hate a massacre
and you are a killer.
We both know what you got to do. I'm
leaving now.
He don't know the half of it. John,
you're you're I'm alive. So are you. So
is he? That's uncle. What are you doing?
I don't know. I'm alive. Uncle thought
maybe he was in some sort of trouble.
Kind of. Just I don't know. I I'm
throwing fights for a few dollars.
Throwing fights? Sure. And you like
that? Of course not.
So
So let me go place a bet. Come on, man.
I thought you were dead. Sure. Abigail's
still alive, too. Only she left me.
Excuse me. I'd like to place a bet. On
who? On myself to win. Lone wolf. How
much?
All of this. Okay. Funny thing. I pegged
you for the favorite, but the odds just
got real good. What about you, sir? Uh,
little wager on the wolf here. Real
[__] brave.
Sure. I'm a fan of the wolf. Give me a
bet on him. 91. I got a treat for you.
An epic battle between the descendant of
ancient warriors and a not so noble
savage on my left. A ferocious battler
from the valleys. So [__]
indignifying. Charles deserves so much
better than this [__] An engine
Hercules,
the savage, the unameable,
the unbeaten, and dare I say
unbeatables. Lone wolf. You know how
this works. No weapons, no forfeiting,
no crying like a beaten child.
Everything else goes. You win by
knockout, you win by retirement, or you
win by death. Let's have a good fight,
boys. Let's keep it clean, but not so
clean.
[Applause]
Try and stay on your feet, you hear?
Why would you boo?
Pretend he's M.
[Music]
Pretend he's M. No, that's fire. No,
that's fire. Don't black out just yet.
What you doing?
Now he's dead. Yes.
Knock him out. What the hell?
[__] him up, dude.
[Music]
[Applause]
Come on, lone wolf. Got to get you the
hell out of here. Hey, Lone Wolf. Wolf.
How made my month, but you also made
some fellas mighty unhappy. So it goes.
Here's your [__] partner.
We just made the bed I said we So, you
keen on staying around here and heading
off with me and uncle. But John, I
haven't seen you two in years. I know,
but right now, my sense is you just need
to lie low. Where? We got a little place
up past Blackwater in the high country.
Okay. I got to grab my baggage. Yeah, I
booked a steamer heading up river.
That's why I was pretending to throw the
fight. Okay, boys. I'll meet you at the
bridge outside Sanden. What are you
doing? Just have a few urns of room.
You're useless. I am a deep thinker. Be
quick. Come on now. What the hell could
Uncle be doing here?
This
way. My bag's on the dock side. It's so
good to see Charles. What happened? You
mean back
then? Arthur helped me get out. Gave me
a chance to live. I guess you you know
that Arthur.
Sure. Word got to me up north, so I went
back and buried him in Miss Grimshaw. I
had to run. If any of us had been found,
we'd have Oh, of course. I understand.
He's where he would have wanted to be.
Pretty hillside facing the evening sun.
He gave me his satchel and some of his
things in it. Remember that journal he
always drew in? I got it. I'm bit of a
draftsman myself nowadays.
He was a good man.
As much as any of us could be. Getting
sick like that has to rattle a fell.
Rattle him
or give him some kind of
understanding what his life was really
all about. Yeah. We got to go careful,
please. That makes sense. Anyway, I
heard all you were dead or I might have
come looking. and me the same about you.
Dutch, who knows? Dead maybe. I'm not
sure. Unfortunately, not. I heard all
kind of things, but one thing I know, he
ain't around here. I ain't heard nothing
real in years since,
well, that time. Nor
me. Micah. I hope that bastard's dead.
You know, he was the one speaking to
them agents. What? putting them on us
the whole time. Or since before I got
off Sisica. They picked up Strauss. The
agents made a real mess of him. I heard
he died in custody. Never said a word.
Huh. Guess some folk is strong in ways
you can't see. Everything that happened,
all those deaths. Micah. None of us is
innocent in that. Dutch least of all.
But I don't think we would have had to
make those calls. All that mayhem if it
wasn't for
Okay. Uh, hold on. What? Careful. Why?
Those Aquido Martelli's men. Who? He uh
he used to work for Angelo Bronte. I've
only been here an hour. Hey,
come over here. What now? Well, you go
left, I go right on three. Mhm. Three.
You couldn't have.
Let's go. There's a wagon up there. I'll
get my bag. Okay.
Well, already back in Sunday and we're
Come on, John. already in
trouble. I'll drive.
[Music]
Okay. Where was Uncle going to meet us?
Over the bridge going out of town. West.
Hold on.
You see any law? Not yet. Keep your eye
out. Sand ain't short on police.
Remember that. Only too well. Anyone?
Good so far. Further we get from those
gunshots, better chance we have of
denying it at least. No, we can't get
caught. Martelli has the police chief in
his pocket. If they take us in, we won't
get out of the interview room. I don't
want to get in a shootout over this.
That's not the man I tried to be in for.
No, I don't want that
either. You see
anything? I think we're clear. If I ever
want to go back, remind me that I hate
sand. Guido Martelli will happily remind
you of that. Give me some simple folk
and wide open spaces.
Speaking of simple John Charles,
slow up. You boys been all getting up to
no good. Kind of been getting shot
at. Well, they weren't very good shots.
Come on, let's head for home.
Weezer Pinkerton.
[Music]
Ah, feels like old
times. It's good to have the old gang
back together again. Let's just hope
things don't turn out like last time.
There he goes. What' I tell you,
Charles? Boy is as sour as weak old
milk. No wonder she didn't stay with
you. Not even a retired $2 [__] would
stay with you. That's the goddamn truth.
Now, you used to be decent company, but
now you're worse than a snake with a
toothache. All he does is whine, whine,
whine. Excuse me. Oh, don't get all
angry. It ain't going to change nothing.
You're hopeless. And I mean that
literally. You got no hope. I mean, look
at you. Look at this place. Your dream
home. I've had better nightmares than
this dream. Oh, darling Abigail, I've
changed. Come live with me in an out
house. I wouldn't ask my worst enemy to
take a [__] in. What are you trying to
say? It's awful. It's a dump. The house
has got to go. Get some selfrespect, you
miserable sack of [__] Build a house a
lady set foot in. Place just needs a
woman's touch. It needs leveling. No
woman would touch this
place. Now, I reckon these horses can
have it down in a minute. Here, come on.
Tie that end around the horses. You loop
that end around there. Horses will pull
it clean down.
We good? I think so. All right. Well,
well, John's fine. Let's get going. Now,
just pull.
It's coming. I forgot houses were easier
to build back in the day because they
didn't need electricity.
See, I told you it wouldn't be no
trouble. And now, now we head into town,
buy ourselves a house, ride out of a
book. Same as if it were a bicycle.
Where in town? There's a fellow by the
train store. Cakes hardwood and timber.
Okay, you keep working here. But if I
don't go with you, who's going to tell
you that? Need a bit of peace and quiet
from your incessant
yapping. Charles, make him
work. Whip him if you have to.
Come on, Miss Bronat.
No worries,
Gavin. I wonder what fishing guy would
be
like with Charles instead of Arthur.
[Music]
Didn't Were you the same person that
said, "Is this your favorite game last
time or is this a completely new person?
[Music]
Playing as Charles would be awesome.
We've got you now, you piece of [__]
Now I want his skill. Get him.
You wouldn't want us to get a hold of
you, boy. Calm yourself.
man.
No. Okay.
[Music]
Where's my hand?
Head out, boy.
My name's not Violet. My name's Gavin.
Christ. Get it
[Music]
right. Everyone in this chat is named
Gavin today. Said you're named. Okay.
There.
Yay.
Your name is darkest personal now. Okay.
Well, that's actually true.
Yeah. That's why you said it. Yeah. My
boomer. Yeah.
Yeah. You said it.
Can you go pick up D'Angelo from Saint
Me?
Yeah, I might do
that. Next time I'm out there, I'll pick
up D'Angelo. Well, no. This joke doesn't
work because the actual person D'Angelo
does music for this game.
Like an actual person named D'Angelo. We
can't do that. D'Angelo the character is
unrelated.
I'm so proud of D'Angelo for pursuing a
musical career.
Can you get me this?
Hello, Satie. Oh, John. Come sit down.
Sure. You uh got any work? Yeah. I mean,
there's always work. Whole country's
getting robbed. Robbing or stopping
robbers? Well, seems like there ain't
much else in this world except bastards,
victims of bastards, and the bastards
who want to put the bastards in the
ground. And which are you exactly? Me?
In my time, all three. But same as most
people,
I guess. Well, funny thing about this
job, well,
opportunity, I just might get to be all
three again.
How you mean? You ever heard of Shane
Finley, cattle wrestler, murder, thief,
child killer? He's wanted in five
states. I caught him last week. He was
disguised as a lady in a house for
fallen women. I was bringing him in when
I got robbed by a professional rival of
mine, James Lankton. Oh, he is a nasty
bastard. I didn't much like him even
before he robbed me. That happened a
lot. This line of work. Yeah, but
they're all people like me. Anyway, now
they're holed up in the desert down
south, waiting to head north so they can
hand them in to the state troopers in
the north country. I'd given up on the
job as just a bad lot. But now that
you're here, maybe we can go rob him
back.
Is the money good? Yeah, it's real good.
Plus, I don't much like getting robbed
by no
one. Come on. Where is it? We're heading
again, you say? Come on.
South now. Come on, mount up. We got a
ride ahead of us. Of course we do.
Hi, Sen. Hi. Hi, baby.
I like her. Yeah, her and Charles are my
favorite characters in this game. Yeah,
they get that. There's no way the map is
this big. That's a lie. how he said.
Yes, roll.
Yeah, the this this thing is lying to
me. There's no way the map is this big.
Follow me. Let's ride. Yes, ma'am.
Come on now.
That new horse. Some folk buy ranches,
some buy horses. Horses are cheaper. He
looks mean. He
is a ranch. It's something else. You
know, you got to come up there. Ain't
had any trouble. Some squatters, but
that's it for the most part. It is just
that big. That's good. Maybe these
fellas I heard about have stayed north
or gone off somewhere else or dropped
down dead in their own tracks. It's good
country. All country is good. It's just
folk that are bad. You know who I up
there with me? Uncle. Besides uncle.
Abigail.
Abigail ain't come there just yet.
Really? You or want to talk about it?
Maybe. But Charles Smith, we found
Charles Smith. Charles, he's alive.
Yeah, he's doing
okay. He was prize fighting in
Sandin. Weren't seeming too well. He
took everything real hard, but I think
life on the plains is going to be good
for him. I always like Charles. You send
in my best. I will. You know, you could
come along, too. Build a cabin on the
land. I've done that all before. Can't
do it again. I'm on my own now, John. I
I ain't so good with people. Ah, the
offer is there. Whenever you want it.
That's kind unlikely to be taken up, but
kind. You heard anything of Dutch?
gentle and you so gentle and certain.
You'd think he's a colorful character.
Word would get out. That's one way of
putting it. Look, what happened with the
gang changed everyone who was a part of
it. The Dutch who put a blanket around
me after the
O'Driscolls, that weren't the same man
at Beaver Hollow. And now he might not
be. So, are we
Oh wow.
Colorful no more. You see a man whose
character changed. I see a man who got
found out for who he truly
was. We was fools to follow him. I was a
fool and I paid for it and I was one of
the lucky ones. Ma John Maka is the one
who set it off. I blame me for following
Dutch for too long, but I blame Micah
for most everything else. He's out
there. And someday I hope we'll find
him.
But not now. Come
on. They really did a great job making
one of the most hatable human beings on
planet Earth.
[Music]
There's a spot up ahead where we can see
over most of the country. They'll be
down there.
So, James Langton, the bounty hunter,
has got this outlaw you captured in a
women's boarding house. Shane Finley.
Correct. And we aim to have Lenon give
him back to us before he rides north
with him to hand him over to some state
troopers. Correct. Again, though, the
giving back part is optimistic. I'm
forever the optimist.
You know, I've been doing some bounty
hunting of my own since I last saw you.
I ain't going to make a habit of it.
We cut off here.
Oh, wow. Oh,
wow. That's pretty. Look how beautiful
the This is the place. It's a view. All
right.
Holy [__] That's crazy. This is what
Equestria was before got to it. That's
you're you're genuinely true though.
Come on, let's go take a look down in
the valley.
Stellaris reference. Be quicker if we
both look. You got binoculars, don't
you? I think I see something.
Yep. There they are down there.
Who's who? Well, the bount is the fell
who's all tied up.
Very funny. And that big fat fell with
the funny hat. That's James Lenon. The
other fellas just work for him. Where do
you think they're heading?
Come on. Let's go follow them.
Okay. Looks like they're cutting through
the canyon.
Shotgun.
Shotgun underneath us. Let's go.
That's so
pretty. This is definitely Colorado.
They'll be coming through here.
Nevada type area.
Come on now. There they are. We follow
and keep an eye on them.
[Applause]
Hold. Yep.
What?
I'm sorry, Mr.
You won't get north through here. What
are you doing? Huh? You talking to me or
Lon? Sorry, I ain't used to having
anyone with me.
[Music]
My guess is they'll stop up ahead. We
can get a better look at them. You know,
he's thinking pretty well. If you can't
outgun them, you got to outthink them.
Croales said horse crash core. Mhm.
up here. Get off your horse. This might
be our chance.
Yeah, they're stopping. And that sure is
Shane Finley coming off the back of his
horse. What are they waiting for? Over
there. The rest of Lankton's men, I
think.
Lton's doing pretty well for himself.
How come he's got all them men and you
work alone? I got you. You're worth 10
of them. Great.
All right. So, what you think? Should we
threaten them? start shooting at him or
sneak down and pick them off one by one.
I reckon sneaking down is our best
opportunity, but uh it's your call.
John, come back. What we doing?
I'll follow your lead. Let's sneak down
there. Okay. Well, follow away. Stay
down and stay close. Let's go.
We're going down the canyon. Look out on
these rocky paths.
You guys blow us. Let's get closer.
[Music]
We can't go around them. You take one of
them, I'll take the other. You got to
throw enough.
You got it. Okay, let's move up ahead.
Another one on the road. I got this
guy. He's done.
Damn squeaky bridges might be the death
of
us. Smoke.
Look out, S.
He ain't dead. Damn
[Applause]
it. [__]
Check the ridge
line. Rather have you scorn [__]
under. Let's
go. Let's move. They're running at us.
Now we're going that way.
We
define
Let's go.
over here.
[Music]
Keep that
light on the way.
Hell no.
to get out here. We need our horses. I
know that. Hold on.
Looking
dead. That's what you get for robbing
me, Lincoln. [__] That damn Harvey.
Let's get Finley. Get him out of here.
Okay, you're picking Finley. Let's go.
Get him on your board.
Are you with
her? What's it look like?
Get him up there. Come on.
It didn't work out for you, woman. Hey,
you should let me alone. Now, let's get
out of here. Come on,
mother. The bridges.
Oh
[Music]
no. Coming from the left of us.
They're over.
Get up, you
fools. Four riders left again.
Bastards.
[Music]
That's the end of the canyon. Then I
think we might be free of them. Ride for
it.
Huzzah.
[Music]
I need to relieve myself.
There'll be a bucket in your cell. I'm
serious. Yep. And so am I.
Hit him, John. Please. Hey, you don't
need to do that just because she told
you to. I don't need to be hit. I just
want to be treated civil. Shut it. You
heard the lady. Thank you. I still
protest my innocence. This woman ripped
me out of my bed, kidnapped me, then let
Langton kidnap me, then you killed them
all and kidnapped me back. I'm the
victim here. Damn you, John. Would you
be so kind as to shut him up? Don't
listen to her. Let me speak my peace.
There's no call to hit me, mister.
Listen to him, squirm. Jesus. Bad dog.
That's it. How to work ain't easy, John.
No, but I can see now it has its
rewards. That's a whole lot easier with
a partner. That back there, you didn't
need a partner. You needed a whole
company behind you. We did fine. And
with Lankton and his men gone, there
will be more demand for our service.
Sadi, you know I'm a rancher
now. Mostly and I know how you're paying
for your ranch. Don't spread that
around. Hey, I won't. But it would be
good to have you along some more. Yeah,
we'll see. Maybe.
Can I hit him again? I want to. It's
fun. Come on, let
me out of the way, [__]
Unless you want to get, which is fine by
me. Here we are. Grab him and bring him
in. Joan, sure.
You're a [__] and a bastard.
brought in Shane Finley. Oh, great.
Let's uh put him in the cell.
I hate you.
One with the door open.
We're going to watch you swing. What
for? I didn't do anything. Nothing.
Yeah. Yeah. I thought you said you lost
him. Well, I did, but we got him back.
Oh, and James Langton's dead. We killed
him. Why'd you do a thing like that? It
was him that robbed me. Okay.
Here.
There's a decent price on Finley. Mhm. I
know.
You want this money to go to the bank,
too? No, I'll uh I'll take it myself.
Okay, Jim Milton. It's John Marston
here. All right. Well, if you need any
more work, you can find me in town. Or
maybe I'll find you. I'm retired.
Sure. Be well, John. I'm retired. Just
did exactly what he's always done 10
minutes
ago. Oh, $200. That's money that I have
right now. Something to run over.
No. No. Check this [__] out. Check the
[__] out. Check the [__] out. Gavin's at
it again.
I'm joking. I'm joking. No. Well, then
I've never done that in this game.
Who the
Okay.
Albert
Cakes. Wait, that's the family guy,
right?
No, that's
Brian,
right?
Meow.
Meow. Meow.
Hello.
Um,
actually, who's throwing up? Relax. It's
not a big deal.
I do need a return customer.
Well, you got the day off. Is there uh
something I can get for you?
Give me
the coffee and worse. Hope you're
hungry.
[Music]
I have money for food.
Hello.
Say that.
Hey, partner.
[Music]
Levi's crop short again. Wonder what
it'll say this time.
Yeah. Yeah. Whiskey, please.
Hope this is a nice break from the
bustle out
there. Make it home.
[Music]
How about another?
Sure, why not? Of
course. A few of these will make any day
a good day.
I don't think that's how it works.
Whiskey ice coup sounds great. That down
armadillo must be cursed. The old
scarlet fever now. Oh yeah.
[Music]
You got any new rooms? It's all yours.
Enjoy. This went to the shop looking for
a new rifle and there's hardly a gun
that cost less than two weeks wages. The
nerve. Chad, don't rely on substances to
make you feel better.
We got John back.
John needs to get Hello.
[Music]
Yes. I'm sure you'll make the money
back. I thought it would work. Customer
told me a few of the officers around
here aren't above turning a blind eye
for the right price.
[Music]
Huh? Huh?
Is that like annoying nobody that this
that strange thing just
[Music]
happened? No. Classic
America. All right. All right. What does
John say to
himself?
None. 3 hours of sleep sounds about
right. Chicken
jockey. No, it it's not really cuz it's
the Wild West. It's literally just cuz
it's America.
[Music]
Who the
Who the [__] was that? Get out of my
room.
That town armadillo must be cursed. Few
years ago in Scarlet Fever.
Oh yeah. Yeah. That's just my mate G.
I'm really not too bad. That's good. You
looking to be my shadow?
Howdy. Like Creek Flow. Like Creek Flow.
Think I have one. Think you're a real
curly wolf, don't you? Hey. Oh, what?
Hey, come on.
All right, let's go to M. Sneely
General. Morning, Parker.
Welcome back.
Where are you?
them's proper wilderness supplies made
to last. Where are you,
ghost?
Why are you here?
Can't believe someone finally bought
that land at Beacher's Hope.
Why are you standing here?
I need to buy stuff.
All sorts of folks stop in here. Chief
Dunar purchases from me all the time. I
can't Well, I can't buy anything if you
are not standing here.
I guess I can just do it this
way. No, I can't. Goodbye.
Find a better shop in these parts. Yeah,
I'm sure.
Fellers. Hey there. Hello, Lester.
Miss Vona, I require your assistance.
He was talking to Gavin. Oh, old Gavin.
Good job, Miss Bronut. Yeah, you
do. This Gavin water.
Oh, okay. Good morning. Good boy.
Honey now.
Morning.
Guess that
you there. Help. Help me out with
anything. Anything.
Don't be like
Congress. Pass a
bill. Don't use this for liquor. All
right. How you been?
You got to take it. You got to Please.
Thanks, partner. I'm all
alone, mister.
I'm divorced staying that way.
All
alone with nothing nothing to show.
Don't be like Congress is really good
life by something.
It is good life.
You got a problem. You got a problem.
Dork. Dork. Dork. Everyone makes fun of
that guy.
Dork.
Excuse me, sir. You work here? No, I
just hang around here for fun. Joking.
I'm joking. How can I help you, friend?
That was really funny. I know this
sounds crazy. Some dumb old coot I know
is telling me there's these houses you
can buy pre-cut. Ha, not crazy, friend.
The very latest in modern convenience.
Convenient and
costefficient. Which house do you
want? Each one is entirely unique, but
also the same. Excuse me. Perhaps I'm
going too fast, sir. Do you want to buy
a house? I think so. I'll give you a
luxurious, entirely unique precut
palace. And if you order today, I
guarantee you're home in a matter of
weeks, maybe sooner. I'll take that one.
Ah, yes, we have that one in stock. And
I already got credit from the bank. Oh,
fantastic. Now, you write your name here
and uh you sign your name there and you
will be the proud owner of a
factory-built home. It's that easy.
Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Martin. Albert
Cakes Essire at your service. Martin.
Martin. You boys give me a minute.
Martin.
Not even his name. What are you doing
here? Everything okay? I'm not sure.
Probably. Fella came by the farm. Got
attacked on the road. He said the
Skinner brothers was hanging around.
Lots of them. Left Uncle Arm to the
teeth back at the ranch. Who are these
two? Guns for
hire. They're Skinners about we need
them. We ain't got that kind of money.
Charles, do you want to get robbed for
your house? No, but hey, these skinners
going to be nasty. Come on, Mr. Devvin.
You're with me. Mr. Wayne, this is
Milton. Jim Milton. Sir, good to meet
you. We're going to be heading up to the
Manzanita Post. Why? The best Smith
around is that Norwegian fell up there.
So they say. You boys ready? Yes, sir.
We're ready. Good. Cuz you're about to
get shot at over a goddamn hammer. You
want to build a house with a sniper
rifle, then? I know Old Neil's real
well. I'll get you a good deal. Thank
you, sir. All right, then. Let's go buy
us some tools.
I know the quickest way. Follow me.
Yeah. Well, my way is quicker, so yeah.
Morning, sir.
say, "Is your friend a negro or a
redskin?" I think a bit of both. For
what it's worth. Cash is cash, though.
It's all the same to me. I saw you
getting skittish there, but don't you
worry, we're not getting shot at. Oh,
yeah. I know Charles Smith. If he's got
cause to be concerned, it's usually good
cause. You got a shotgun messenger
sitting right beside you. All right. I
suppose you don't know much about
robbing caravans.
Not much, I guess.
No. Well, nor do I. But I know a thing
or two about protecting them. And if a
robber sees some strong men sitting up
front, two of them guns for hire, then
they're going to wait for the next set
of fools to come on through. Unless they
take the guns to mean they're carrying
something valuable instead of pre-cut
timber and some tools. What? No. Wait.
Trust me on this. You are overthinking
it. You hire a gun, you hire peace of
mind and a deterrent.
So I'll sit here looking big and scary
and you can concentrate on the horses.
All right, I'll do just that.
Maybe I've done this kind of thing
before and maybe I can handle a weapon,
but I'm not so different from you,
partner. I think you might be. Hey,
we're taking the next right up towards
Manzanita Post. What was that you were
saying? People wonder how you can handle
it. Living by your gun, but it's the
same as any other occupation. Really?
When I get home, I put my gun on the
rack and it stays there. I mean, it it
it really stays there. I don't even
think about it. My mind's on my wife and
the little ones. I'm chopping wood,
mending the roof, putting the kids to
bed. But when I'm out here, I'm watching
the tree line. I got my gun at the man.
Yeah, I'm trying to make my employer as
comfortable as possible. That's
uh real good of you. You're in good
hands. I know this country well.
Good. Am I finally going to meet this
tool maker? Now Neil, he's an acquired
taste, but boy can he work metal. Yeah,
this one doesn't stop talking. See,
Viking blood. Fellas up there used to
worship a god with a hammer. Guess I
figures they'd still be making them. I'm
not sure how much English he speaks.
Manneil's nose
tools. This is the spot just up ahead.
Okay,
you boys wait here after you, Mr.
[Music]
Milton. Like I said, Niels is a an
acquired taste. Let me do the
talking. There he is working away.
Nails. Nails. It's me, Willard Wayne.
Okay. This is my associate, Jim Milton.
Okay. He heard you was the best best
smith around.
He needs some tools. He's building a
ranch house up at Beachers Hope.
Beachers Hope. Okay.
Have you got any, mate?
Uh, okay.
Like I said, an acquired taste, but a
heart of gold, and he's the best. You're
off someplace,
Nails. Okay.
He just doesn't really speak English.
That's the only acquired taste part, I
think. So, Milton is uh working with
Cakes, Hardwood, and Timber in town.
Should I get them to pay you and add it
to his bill up there? Okay. Come on.
Let's get moving.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. Okay. All right then. Okay.
Features hope. They've been trying to
sell that property for some time,
haven't they? Took a look at it myself,
as it so happens. Seemed like a lot of
work. Too much for me, but more power to
you. Must have seen something in it I
couldn't. World needs.
Everyone find some cover. Watching the
tree line, huh? Oh, watch the tree.
Shotgun. Fill these dogs with
arrows. Keep your head down.
Look out. What the hell is going on?
Hope you're
brave. Sing.
I don't like that one.
You okay? Watch out for arrows.
You remember
this there? We'll get you out of here.
They got
to be alive.
[Music]
They're both. All right. You alive now?
Mr. Devon, you okay? Yes. Is that the
last of them? I think so. There's more.
They got the tools. They grab Mr. Wayne.
All right, you stay here. Guard the
wagons. Charles, come on.
[Applause]
Help. Help
me. Help me. They got me. Mr. Milk, Mr.
Smith, the
damsel ass guy. You mean they threw us?
They're getting away with it. They
climbed up in the TR.
Come on in.
The tree. Get him.
I literally don't see him.
Oh.
Okay, let's move. He took him down the
hill.
I'll find us if you
can
more bushes.
They're coming out of nowhere.
peace is in power.
They're ours now.
for
you. My
[Music]
head falls down.
You want it back?
Finish this quick.
[Music]
Charles, I found the
tools. Now, where's Mr. All
right.
[Music]
We got to move fast. Come on.
Let's go back to the road.
Okay.
Okay. Gay.
Gay. Gave in. Gave. Gavin. Gavin. He's
dead. I'm gay. You're gay. Yeah. Yeah.
He's good. Ababa.
There's an Ababa in our midst.
Is the Aabna looking? Who can we trust?
Hey, why are you saying that? God damn
it. Sorry. Few minutes ago he was
chewing my ear off. He knew what he was
getting into. Why? Why? Why? Did he
scared? Sorry. Everyone knows
Mr. Wayne didn't make it.
We have to get out of here. You take him
in the back wagon. Come on. Help me.
All right, let's get out of here.
Oh my lord. What' they do to him?
Nothing nice.
Nothing. Got it.
Come on. Hold on. One. One second.
So so hot in
here. Got summer weather today for no
reason. Should be done
tomorrow.
Okay.
[__] Those goddamn animals.
Okay, John, I'm riding with
you. Get us back to beaches. Some gavins
in this world are so evil.
Those were the Skinner brothers. I told
you I was worried. Sadie said something,
too. What kind of land have I bought?
It's not the land. Skinners move around.
They're here for now. I thought this
this kind of bloodshed was meant to be
over with. What was all the nonsense
about civilization? This kind of
bloodshed is different. Folks have been
killed, sure, for good reason and bad,
but rarely just for the fun of it. That
wasn't fun for them. No, not that time.
Most folk don't usually put up with such
a fight. Then I hope we put an end to
it. It was a caravan a few months back.
Massacred. Men, women, children. Ended
up like Wayne or worse.
Uncle, uncle.
Uncle, I was you useless sack of crap. I
was keeping guard. Really?
Oh, what happened? Skinner brothers. Lot
of them
enough. Once this is done, I'll take Mr.
Devon back to town and pull Mr. Wayne
buried.
Okay, be careful. I will, but I'm fairly
sure we scared him off for now. Bad
business. Well, we'll be safe together.
Not one cold. Sure, if you say
so. And
John, I love you. Don't you forget that.
[Music]
Gung Morning, brother.
Hi,
Charles. Let me sit with the stew.
I'm sitting with
the more just me and potatoes,
but it's a fog.
It is a fod, dear row.
Oh, he's just on the road. Gavin stew.
It's made of
him.
[Music]
Those plans make any sense? Oh, sure.
Seems easy enough, I think. How hard can
it
be? But I'll tell you what I think. Just
to be safe, I'll do the reading and
planning and you do the building. How
did I know you try to weasel out of
doing any work? Oh, now that is plain
unfair. It It's inaccurate and not
what's going to happen. I'm simply going
to use what I've got, which is a brain.
Now, you use what you've got, which is
less of a brain. Let's get started.
Well, first thing it says the
foundation, which involves moving those
heavy wooden joists. Definitely not a
job for a man with terminal wombago.
Unless you want to dig a 6ft deep hole
for me when the work day is over. Don't
tempt me. Kind of do. Oh, here comes
Charles. Maybe he can lighten the mood a
little. How'd you get on? He'll be back,
but not for a while. Charles, dear boy.
John needs help moving these joists now.
Come on. Get a move on. We got to get
started before the rains come. You're
very annoying. He's right. We should get
on with this.
[Music]
house building gameplay.
said Minecraft. See, if you tried to
build a house in America, they'd
probably kill you for not like getting a
million
[Music]
licenses. See, here's the thing. Here's
the thing. If you just own the land, you
can do whatever the [__] you want. All
right. And you don't have to tell the
government. And they never check. So
there's So I mean, you like actually
they never check. They they never check.
I I
[Music]
legitimate I have just built like three
different like full on tree houses like
insul like they insulated like very tree
houses nice tree houses on their
property without any like creepy like
you may have a rule and a saw and a
board and I'll cut
it. I'll climb up a ladder with a hammer
and a nail and I'll nail
it. Well, we worked so hard to build a
little house
together in the snow or the rain or the
ice cold wind. Whenever one of my
favorite songs, no
matter what the
weather, we're together.
Oh, Charles. Charles Uncle did
something.
[Music]
But there's water.
Let me have a rule and a saw and a board
and I'll cut it.
A ladder with a hammer and a nail it.
Well, we work so hard to build a little
house together
[Music]
in the snow or the rain or the ice cold
wind.
Whenever, no
matter any
weather, we're
[Music]
together. Okay, that was kind of gay,
but
like I don't think Uncle Charles at all.
[Music]
[Applause]
It's what I call unfortunate y.
[Music]
Now he said and I think that's
everything.
[Laughter]
John Marson, you have a home.
So do you. Oh, I know.
And you, Charles, as long as you'll stay
with us. Thank
you.
Gentlemen, to this happy home.
Well, this is certainly a poly till this
fool gets his woman back. I [__]
guess. I guess
uncle was the most hated wheel. Darling
Abigail. Yeah. I hope you and Jack are
doing well. The cure, the mule kill, if
you will. And I'm sure I shall die a
fool. Thanks for the offer.
But I'm trying very hard to be something
like the man you
deserve. I have done something very
silly in an effort to impress you. That
is, I've purchased a home. The land you
read about in the newspaper up at
Beachers Hope is now ours and we are
going to try our hand at ranching. Mr.
Getty's kindly helped me buy the land. I
met Uncle while I was coming out of the
bank and while I know your feelings
about him, he has been enormously
helpful in his own fashion.
Charles Smith has also appeared and is
unsurprisingly a pillar of
strength.
Together, we've built you a
home. I hope soon to show it to you. I
miss you and the boy more than I can
express. Please come back to me. Yours
always, John.
Cowboy cowboy.
You built a cowboy. Yeah. To pimp a
cowboy.
Uh-huh.
Uncle, I thought you
was Where the hell?
Yeah.
You're a good
[Music]
boy. Trixie fan
girl0999 says, "I would have been a
better wife for
What?
What is your problem? We're fine,
boy. Easy,
easy. Hey.
Hey. We're fine, ain't
we? Easy, boy. Stay.
It's nothing, boy.
What is this [__] You're a fine
horse.
Miss Vera hates uncle.
It's okay, Duo.
Just one time. I hope to find you
working just once. Do you believe in
reincarnation, John Marston?
Well, I hope and pray to whatever is out
there that I get to come back as a young
so that when you're old and facing
death, I can be some two penny slave
driver that comes along and hastens your
journey into the grave. This is a fatal
condition I got. And I'll give you
another fatal condition. We don't get on
with things around here and we'll all
starve. Get on with what?
farming, ranching, planting something.
The only thing that this land's good for
is grazing.
Grazing? Yeah. So, so cows, sheep,
goats. Now, goats is easy, but they
taste awful. I don't like goats and
cows. I've seen enough cows. Yeah, sheep
then, but any livestock, you're going to
need a barn. Barn will take three of us
6 months to build. Oh, you don't build a
barn, dumbass. What do you think this
is?
1785. You buy one pre-cut just like the
house. This is the industrial age. The
lumber feathers all have them. That guy
makes me hate the modern world. Oh, come
on. I'll deal with
them. I can't move like I used to. Then
I never was that fast.
Raise this barn. Raise this barn. One,
two, in the black water. Let's go. 5 6 7
8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 Where we This
fell probably saw you thought here's
some corn husk idiot some country rude
doesn't know a pre-cut home from an
outhouse and I'm going to rob him
blind. Uh, I got to respect him for it.
Cuz if I saw you walk into my lumber
yard, I'd think exactly the same thing.
Thinking about
it, I might actually do this on my own.
Oh, I can't let you do that, John. Let
you get robbed again. Oh, no. You need
someone with some sense to negotiate.
And some charm wouldn't hurt either. And
that's you, is it? with your famous wave
with people. You're in enough debt as it
is. I got to help you all I can. It's my
debt. I'll handle it. Yeah, but if they
foreclose on the debt, I'll lose my
home. And I do so like it there. You
like it too much. You're far too
comfortable. Ah, you ain't even got
furniture.
[Music]
Did the first red dead come out again?
Been down so much as a fierce for weeks.
You ain't got to tell me.
This is him. 2010.
So it coincided with Apple Jack being
alive.
Need to shake someone down. Yeah, she's
dead now.
And how's little Emily? Emily? I'm
sorry. Aa. Um, how are you?
We need a barn. A barn? Of course you
do. All them potatoes. We're going to
farm livestock. What's wrong with you?
How many scarface loons you got coming
in here buying pre-cut homes? Hey, here.
Uh, what you think? Have a look.
Maybe that one. We're an excellent
choice. We have a couple already cutting
in stock. I'll have it sent to you in
Blackwater. I'm down at Beachers Hope.
I'm sorry. Of course, this is my wife
Jerry. You see, she's uh, it's great
seeing you again. I hope you pleasure as
always. Great pleasure. Love your work.
Of course.
How are we going to pay for this? I
don't know what's going on with that.
Same way we pay for everything.
I just wish I could help you, sir.
You've been a good customer and I like
you and David Gettis likes you. This man
is very annoying. Can you just give me a
few days? Of course.
I really enjoy begging and watching you
make a fool of yourself. Well, John.
Hey. Is that Sadie Adler? Hey, John. How
are you? Well, hello, uncle. Nice to see
you. And you, too. Oh, shut up, you old
creep.
Listen, Satie, I you got any work? I'm
kind of desperate.
[Music]
Work? How desperate? I need money. A
bunch of money. My debt's climbing. And
I You up for a fight? Is it legal? Oh,
it's very
legal. It's also pretty dangerous. With
you, it'll be fine. But I wouldn't do it
on my own. I ain't got much choice. All
right, then. Come on. Yeah, Arthur had
all the money. Look after him, Sadie.
He's a delicate flower underneath.
Tell the bank there's money coming in.
And get a crew to help with that barn.
I have it on good authority we can find
this bounty at Painted Sky. I know the
place. Okay, I'll follow you.
All right, the painted sky tip is pretty
fresh, but I don't know how long it'll
stay that way. An encyclopedia salesman
was up there on the property. Couldn't
find the rancher, but saw a Mexican
looking fell hanging around. Now, Ramon
Cortez is around those parts, split up
from his gang, and stuck in West
Elizabeth. It's got to be him. Hold up,
waiting on some out. And we're gonna get
to him first.
Satie. Hey. So, who is this bounty?
Raone Cortez. He's with the Del Lobo
gang. Del Lobos. Yeah. You head back
down to where we was. New Austin. You're
bound to run into them. Oh, I ran into
them. Mostly Mexicans. Some of them, but
some as Californiaifornios and some are
regular Americans, too. They're a misfit
bunch, just like we were. And they're
friendly. Real friendly. Oh, yeah. It's
a bad situation down there. Burnins,
killings, you name it. I know something
of that. And not much law except the
sheriff of Tumbleweed. He's making a
hell of a go of it. But there ain't much
there to hold back the chaos. It's real
wild country.
Sounds like he needs all the help he can
get. Maybe drop in on him sometime. You
know, I had some trouble of my own. That
gang you was talking about, was they the
Skinner brothers? That's them. They
ain't nice. Nice weren't what I heard
about them. Got a hold of this fell I'd
hired. Ah, he didn't die well. I'm
sorry,
John. Oh, I'm sorry you didn't die well,
John.
[Music]
We fought back. We was too slow was all.
I wish we'd done better for him. I'm
sure you did the best you could. I've
heard well the kinds of things they do
to men. Unspeakable things. I hope
that's the last you see of them. Me,
too. But if not, I mean to be ready.
That is wise. You want to hear
something? I built my ranch house. Good
for you. Did you make it out of straw
bales?
No. It's one of them pre-cut ones. Me
and Charles put it up and Uncle watched
and barked the odd order at us. It's
solid though. Real good and sturdy. Woo!
John Marson's got his own house. You
should come see it. It's good country,
Sadie. Despite all that, I try not to
fratinize too much with employees. You
know, it sends the wrong message. Oh,
that's what I am now, an employee.
Mhm. That's what the bank says.
Well, then I guess our fraternizing days
are done. Now, be a good boy and get
this bounty for me. Yes, ma'am.
What is this conversation?
I
wonder
Applejack. Applejack.
Okay. Whoa.
Also, my name is no longer Gavin. It's
Gwennethy JV4.
We're the first three.
Okay.
Yay. DJ,
you can still be Gavin if you wish.
Gavin.
Easy. This is Painted Sky up here. Looks
quiet.
Oh, she said be so quiet.
Amone Cortez, you better be here.
You search that barn. I'll take the main
house. Holler if you get him.
Raone Cortez, we've come for you.
Raone
Cortez, we've come for you. Come calmly
and nobody will get hurt.
Why are you not blocking? It wouldn't
let me block.
[Applause]
It won't let me block. What's going on?
Oh, now it lets me block after I have
like two health left.
You got him? I think so. He just tried
to kill me. That's about right.
Yeah, that's him.
She doesn't even know until after that.
Let's get him to the
sheriff. Come on, Raone. Let's go for a
ride. We're going to roads. Roads. It's
different there now.
I want to see what roads looks like.
That hurt. You want money? Gold? My men
are meeting me at Dubberry Creek. Take
me there. I'll pay you good. Better than
any bounty. Oh, shut up.
[Music]
Nice
808. Yeah, I need to go to the general
store anyway.
The
[Music]
creek. It always looks the same to
me. Go.
This place still gives me the creeps.
Hit your horse up here. Christ. Hello.
[Music]
Bring Cortez around the front for me,
will you? I'll get them ready for you.
Come on.
I'll give you $100 to kill that [__]
200. 300 for her head. Be quiet.
Mr. Sheriff. Mr. Sheriff, we got Raone
Cortez. Cortez. Corn. Well done. Hell.
Found him hiding in a pile of [__]
That's about right. How you doing,
Ramon? Oh, just fine, mister.
Hey, how much you want? How much any of
you want? I'll give $2,000 in gold to
whichever one of you sets me free. I'm
afraid it's a bit late for that. Ramon,
you've been a real bad boy. Me and my
boys are going to ride you into Sanden
and watch him hang you.
Okay. Okay. If you think so, mister. Oh,
I know. So,
Ramon, take a seat. Help me guard them
till my boys arrive and we can get them
out of here.
Sure. Spent years cleaning up this town.
Last thing I need is fools like this
thinking they can take us back to the
bad old days. Well, you did a good job.
[Music]
Uhoh. Oh, Sheriff Thomas. Sheriff
Thomas. We want their friend back. You
have about 10 seconds, Sheriff Thomas,
before we kill all of you fools. One.
Don't be a dumb bastard. Two. This is a
good town now. Three. Let him have it,
boys.
Burn. Come on. Let's run these.
Make them bleed. Keep going.
[Music]
I'm
scared. I guess we're
deep to finish. What was that? Come on.
The jail. The jail.
They blew my jail apart. He's gone. He's
gone.
Well, we brought him in. Now PZ would
owe. He ain't here now, madam. I don't
get paid unless he makes it to Sandin.
You want to get shocked today as well as
Rob. Mister, are you threatening me? Why
would we bother threatening you? Get him
back and I'll get your money and another
$50 besides $100. 75. I can't go higher.
Done. Let's go. Jim Milton.
J Milton.
Come
on. Can I go to the store?
No one's ever home.
Boy, where are we going to find him? He
said there were men meeting him at
Deubberry Creek. Let's start by looking
there. Sure. You've had some bad luck
with bounties being stole off of you.
And you're about to have some bad luck
with getting punched in the face. He got
stole off both of us. Someone must have
talked. One of his boys, maybe. We were
sitting ducks waiting all that time in
that Jim crack jail house. Yeah. Yes, we
were. I don't like it. The sheriff's
done a lot to bring roads into line
since the time of the Grays and
Braithweights, but clearly he ain't done
enough. Is it still called that? We are
Braithway
Manor in Caligol.
So you think we can trust him? Yeah.
He'll pay up when we come back with
Cortez. He's a decent fella. If we come
back with Cortez, we're coming back with
him. Don't you worry about that.
It's not a thing, isn't it? We'll take
$200 from a sheriff who might be crooked
himself to go get a baron, but we won't
take $2,000 from an outlaw just to let
him go. If that kind of offer is
tempting to you, then go right ahead.
But not when you're on one of my jobs. I
never said I was tempted by it. I just
said it was an odd thing. How we take
money from one but not the other.
Everyone's got to choose what they're
loyal to. From sales, dog, estate. If a
bounty hunter wants to last, the
loyaltyy's got to be to the one that's
issuing the bounties. Plain and simple.
I got a reputation for honest work. So,
everyone with a price on their head
deserves it. You think? Sure. No. I
don't know. Usually, if I got into who
deserved what, second guessed every
poster, I'd tear out all my hair before
I put a rope on anyone. If the price is
high enough, you got to trust there's a
reason they said it. I hope that
rationale works out for all of us.
Hold up down there. A fire. I'd wager
that's them. Stay on the road. Let's
find a good vantage point.
Sorry. For F150
up here. Come on. I think there's an old
watermill by the creek bed. There it is.
Keep some distance. We need to take a
good look at them before we do anything.
Whoa.
Whoa. Come on.
Oh, I remember staring at this place for
a little bit when I was Arthur.
They must be camping down there. Why are
they hanging around? probably waiting
for a boat. Uh there's supposed to be a
storm coming through, so maybe that's
delayed them, perhaps. So, what do we do
now? I'm going to go get them. You? Me?
You just cover me. I ain't getting you
killed out there. But it's okay for you.
I don't want to die. And besides, those
bastards don't look that
tough. They look asleep, as far as I can
tell.
I'm going to go. You sure about this?
Just don't seem right. This is my show,
John Marston. Do as you're goddamn
told and shoot well.
Hey. Damn it,
Satie. I got this. The world. Make sure
you got
there's too much up here.
We should have got out of here already.
Gales sent an image file and said, "Why
is it in the [__] pool now? What the
hell?
[Music]
I told
you all this trouble for Cortez.
Get down here. I'm coming.
That stinks.
I shoot. Okay, they're still alive,
ain't they? Let's see what we can do
about that. I'm covering that and I'm on
my way.
You got him.
I'm on the bridge.
The
bastard. He ain't dead. Move.
Go.
Kill it.
Damn. Oh
[Music]
[__] But what's what's wrong with him
dying?
Get down here. I'm coming.
I got a little she Okay. They're still
alive, ain't they?
We do about
[Music]
Too close.
Shoot the bastards.
I'm on the bridge.
Do it already.
Get
down. Stay quick with me.
[Music]
Move
on. [__]
[__] Watch out.
Drop it.
There he
is. We got to clear that base. He's
moving out of
here.
Cortez. Cortez. You ain't getting away
from
here. Clear the base.
When you're going on the boat, make him
turn around. Don't kill him. Just scare
him. You want to die right now, Cortez?
I'm going to die anyway.
So, you really want me to shoot you? You
might get lucky.
Get over here.
All right. All right, amigo. I'm coming.
Try anything clever, you're going to get
shot. Oh, hold your horses, Chica.
Get out of there.
I said get out of there. Easy. Easy,
girl. Oh, you gave up easy a long time
ago.
Hey, look out. There's more of them
coming. Hey,
shut your godamn mouth.
[Music]
We're here, amigo. Hold on.
You're hearing me though. I keep coming.
All right.
Still alive.
You ain't taking
my destroying here with him.
Are we done? We might just be. Son of a
[__]
Say that again.
Well, that's that. Help me load this
fool on the horse. A lot of crazy
bastards. Seems Mexico is a tough place.
Too tough for you, John Marston. I'd
stay well clear. Oh, I mean to, Mrs.
Adler.
That's not what happens.
You coming along, man? Hello, boy. Damn.
Me again. It's about time we collected
this bounty. Second time lucky. What do
you think, Cortez? You got any more
surprises up your sleeve? You You're a
dead woman. And you are a dead man. The
Belovas will not forgive
this. Wherever you hide, we will find
you and we will kill you. You and anyone
who is close to you. I preferred it when
he was offering money. Hold your horse
there.
I'm waiting.
Don't leave us again, John.
What were you speaking about? Oh, you
want money? Hey, take my money.
I got gold, lady. But you was just
saying you was going to kill me. Oh, you
let me go. I'll forget about all this.
You see, Ramon, what we got here is a
trust issue. Well, I'm good for it.
You're tied up on a horse about to be
taken to Sandon to hang. You ain't good
for anything. Listen, I swear. Of
course, cuz all you can do is swear. But
you're just saying anything you think
might get you out of this. Ramon, I
couldn't trust you to pay me. I couldn't
trust you not to kill me. Hell, I
couldn't even trust you to kill me if
that's what we agreed. What the hell are
you talking about? I got gold, woman.
Mister gold. $5,000.
Well, I hope you left it to someone in
your will, cuz you ain't going to find
much use for it in the short time you
got left. I damn you, woman. Damn you.
Oh, I've been damned a long time, my
friend. Relax, mister. We ain't got far
to go. Oh, you made a big mistake. Both
of you. You should have took the money.
You should have taken it. Now, now we're
going to come for you. I promise you
that. We're going to come for you. Well,
I hope they know just where to find me
because I'll enjoy the fight. I like the
fighting, Ramon. The fattening and the
killing turns out.
Here we are back again. Looks like
Howdy, partner.
Something to run over for the rest,
fella.
Let's just finish this. Big mistake.
Real big mistake. I'll see you again.
All right. Now, break's over.
We got him, Sheriff. We got him. I knew
you'd be back, Ramon. You just can't get
enough of me. Put him in the wagon for
me, would you? How's the jail? Needs to
get fixed up since this nice man blew a
hole in it. Me and the boys will ride
them to Sandon right away this time.
Come along, Cortez. Sheriff, before you
go, I'll pay you when I deliver them.
Plus $75. Exactly. Now, goodbye. Let's
go, boys. I see you soon, amigos. Shut
up.
Thanks for this, John. You send my money
to the bank for me. Of course. Supposed
to be retired from this. This weren't
nothing. Just a simple arrest. Money for
old rope.
If you say so. See you around, partner.
[Music]
Oh, no store then. roads.
Wow. I wonder who's been over here.
Sorry, I just needed the cocaine.
I might ignore uncle for the time
being. Awesome.
Roca. Come on, fella.
[Music]
Hey, better not have a problem with this
And hey, get yourself out of there.
Okay. Okay. Ain't you
serious? I thought it was a free country
was all. What a joke.
What a joke.
There, mister.
good fella.
That's a shout or something.
Good evening to
you. How's life?
Evening, mister. Hey, evening, mister.
Oh, look who's finally working. Hello
again.
Some miles over at Manz Anita Post up
and left. They sure are a funny bunch
over that way.
I'll buy the money.
Cool. Most of the money's gone now.
Well, I need to
There we go. Now it's most of my money
gone. Let's go.
Oh. gander at this old thing here.
Thanks for your time.
I'm sure you'll make the money.
[Music]
This is true.
All right. Hey, watch it. And next time
I'll use real feathers. Oh, hey. Can I
ask you a question? Give me that damn
thing. Now, help. He's got Take your
hands off me, you coward. Watch it. You
want to die, too?
Just stay there.
What in the name?
What? What?
What?
Remember what your face looked like
before this? You sir are done for.
I guess that's that.
[Music]
So what the hell just happened? That's
it.
I need the authorities. You son of a
[__]
Where I come? Excuse me. Careful with
that gun. No, we don't need any
bloodshed.
Okay, I don't want to fight
neither. Leave me alone now.
I recommend you keep away from that
bastard there.
Stop a moment. How about I beat you to a
pulp?
Oh, just go away.
You're done for.
Help. Stop. Oh, for the love of God.
Help. Please. Someone.
Damn you.
No. Please, you stay
away. So, I get attacked by the guy who
I'm trying to
help. Person who witnesses it. I try to
tell them to stop. They shoot at me
first and I'm the one in
trouble. Pull the dash.
Hey, feller.
Don't you go starting any more [__]
around here. I don't know what you mean.
I'm real friendly. Mhm. I'm just going
to go on my way. See you around.
Hey buddy.
[Laughter]
I cooked the fox.
I love having hot beef in my bag.
[Music]
Okay, partner.
Eat the goddamn without you,
[Music]
boy. You know I love you.
Well, it's
[Music]
okay. Head
3 hours of sleep sounds right.
[Music]
My nightly three hours.
boy. Here we go, boy.
[Music]
said,
"How was your holiday?" I was making
money. And to think you call me lazy.
You've done a great job. Well, that crew
did help. Little house, a barn. Look at
this place. I can't believe it. Thank
you. Thank you both. This calls for a
drink.
Young miss at dancing school is taught
the menu to tread. Young miss at dancing
school is taught the menu to tread. But
we go better when we brought our fore to
cat. Come bustle bustle, drink about and
let us merry be. Our can is full. We'll
pump it out and let all hands see. When
horn and hounds the forest is packed,
the huntsman cheers. When horn and
hounds the forest is packed, the
huntsman cheers as loud as when we send
a broadside to Mount Sears. As loud as
we send a broadside to Mount Sears. Come
and drink whatever makes my
happy gay at sea. We spend on
swe on shore at sweethearts and our
wives. And then my boys sail for more
thus passes sailor lives. And then my
boys s more passes
sail and let
us out and then our hands see
[Laughter]
the cure. John, get out here. Uncle's
gone.
He's fine. Let me sleep. Get out here
now.
That fat man will be fine. No, he
won't.
Skinners, you think? Of course. My guess
is they went that way. But my other
guess is they know we're coming after
him. What choice do we have? None.
We just got to keep our wits about us.
We know this is a trap.
Uncle's in trouble. I mean, that's this
is more like an optional thing.
[Music]
Collect yourself. Let's go.
I tracked them to the road. We'll pick
up the trail there.
[__] Looks like we forgot about him. We
should have been ready.
What happened? There's nothing we can do
except try and get him back. We let our
guards down for you.
[Music]
One moment. Hush.
Hush. Now, right up here, you see that
blood? Dear Lord, they've gone up
towards tall trees. Come
on, John. Look, we should agree on
something. If it's really bad, this
might not be about saving him. What the
hell are you talking about? If it's
really
bad, it might be better to stop the
pain. Jesus. You mean to I mean, you can
live a week without a scalp, but it
ain't a good week. A gut wound. You can
live a month, but it's horrible. What
they've done to him might have killed
him already with only hurt to come. We
get him and we see. Okay. Did you hear
something? Yeah. You think they saw us
coming?
I don't know.
Guess we'll soon find out. We'll be
better off going on on foot. Okay. Leave
the horses in the trees there.
Hide your horse.
Stay.
No. Let me. Okay. Whatever. Whatever. To
the trees. Come on.
up there to the right. Two skinners.
Lookouts
probably. Take one. I'll take the
other. They're down. Move.
They were waiting for us. Uncle should
be close. He better be. Keep your head.
We'll find him. Come on.
Hold. Patrol to our left.
Shh. Let him
go. Hold
it.
Easy, easy.
If they come from the ranch, they'll
come this way. We should have burned it
while they slept. The burning's better
if they're awake for it. He's old and
sick. He won't last long. Then when they
come, they'll come for a corpse.
He was talking about uncle. He's alive.
Come on. They've passed. Let's go.
Now he said back. Hello.
Back. Hello.
Hold up. You hear that? Yeah. Wagon
there. Dragging someone. Is it Uncle?
No. Some other poor bastard. Let's
follow. It might lead us to the camp.
Stay with
[Music]
us. He's stopping. What do you see? He's
picking
up. Poor bastard's dead. If he's walking
with the body, we must be close. Let's
take him down before he gets to the
rest.
Take him out. Okay, let's
go. I think I see something. Uh-huh.
Yeah, that must be their camp. What do
we do? Let's get up on that boulder.
Take a look. Hang in there, old man.
Okay. Okay. I can't see much through
this mist. Can you look too? Hold on.
John.
Oh my
god. We got to go get him. Careful.
Where are
they? Where are they?
I don't care. Come on,
[Music]
Charles. Behind
you. All right, chips. The surprise is
over. We're here for
you. All of you.
They're coming in from
everywhere. Get down
here. They're on the rocks.
Oh, go. We'll get you out
there. They came for the
old pushing it back. Yeah. Look, they
can't anyone for me. John,
what have they done to you? I got to get
you down.
You're okay, old man. I look okay.
You look awful. You'll be okay. Those
bastards. We got them.
Looks like we got here just in time. God
damn it. I'll carry
him. Come on, Uncle. Come on.
Cuz here come the rest. Quick, there's
more of them. I'll cover you.
Come on down that gully. John, you okay?
I'll deal with this on the launch.
Take the old man. Get me out of
here. Move
[Music]
it.
Behind the tree there, John. I got this.
Come on, old
man. Move.
[Music]
We're taking you home.
I
wanted John shoot.
You can't kill me.
Go, go, go.
[Music]
Go. Let's get out of these for
feeling real weird.
They're trying to stop us.
[Music]
I can't I can't hit my back.
We're out. We ain't out till we're home.
Ride hard. Oh man. How's the back? I
think it looks worse than it is. Burns
don't always heal easy. Sure, but I
think this will be fine. Long as they
don't get infected. It's much better
than I feared. Hear that, old man? This
could have been worse. He's pretty weak.
Yeah, I bet. Stay with us, you old
bastard. Does it look okay?
Well, you
know, I don't see you good over here.
Almost back. Hang in there, oldtimer.
He needs something for the back. Come
on.
Okay, I'll get on my horse.
Oh, don't let me fall. Please,
Uncle.
Hey, we're here. All right, let's get
you done.
I got you. I got you.
Let's get him out. Thank you, boys.
Don't mention it. I thought I was dead.
Don't get all sentimental now, old man.
Then I'll really think you're dying.
It's going to be okay. Few days, you're
going to be just fine.
You're a survivor. Easy, easy. Okay.
He'll be fine.
You think they'll be back? Maybe, but I
doubt it. We must have killed most of
them. This is your land. Was it theirs
once? I don't think so. I met a fellow
said the Skinners wrote down about two
years ago. They're just angry men on a
rampage and we got in their way. Sort of
like we used to be. Yeah, exactly like
we used to be. Maybe we should take up
torture.
We got Uncle Singing instead of torture.
We're going to be safe here, John. H
you, your family, you all be safe.
Sure. I hope so. You say so.
I really do. If she ever comes
back, I miss my wife,
Charles. I miss my wife, Charles.
[Music]
If Gavin ever comes back
Huh? What the hell?
What? Wait, she came back for real?
You You're
Hi. Is this a He always did have that
fine way with words.
You doing all right, son? Sure, pop. Can
I go see the house? Sure.
Just give him some time. He'll warm up.
It's quite a place you got here. It's
yours.
Ours.
I should see about that boy.
Who's my new rival? Oh, that's Roffus.
He's loyal, dumb, and angry. So, I
reminded us of you. That's your idea of
a joke, miss?
I guess.
Come on.
[Music]
Come on. But you gotta But you got to
play Red Dead one uh remastered after
this. There's there is there a remaster?
There is.
What? I'm like I'm like 99% sure. Why
would Yeah, there is. Remember seeing a
bunch of [__] about it. Um
you can also just play the original one.
I don't I think the remaster is uh good
though. But it takes place like
chronologically after this.
Oh yeah, I know. Yeah, it's a very
good what I've seen of the original Red
Dead one is it's kind of rough.
It's a little rough for sure. I mean
it's a bit older. The rem the remaster
makes it look look a little better, but
from what I know, the story like the
like quests kind of stuff like that is
still a little rough. It's not bad
though. Compared to Red Dead 2, it's
worse, but Red Dead 2 is a masterpiece.
So,
yeah, I'd play it just for the story,
frankly. How
how long is it, though? because I I love
this game, but it's very long.
Uh, [__] I don't know.
People are saying like 15
hours for the full story. I don't know
how long. Really short. I don't know how
long you've actually played Red Dead 2
for missed several streams, but I think
longer than that. 70 hours.
Jesus Christ. that to be fair, 15 hours
is like just like running through the
story without doing side quests. It
would take longer than that, but
like
fair. I'm not entirely sure if I'm
interested in playing the first one, but
I'll I'll give it a I'll give it a think
about it.
Wait, we can shovel [__] for fun.
Yay. I'm so good at this. I'm doing the
best at
this. This is real [__] gameplay.
return the
pitchfork. Oh, get it. You're using
pitchfork to do [__] To just do
[__] This is because pitchfork is [__]
reviewing music is [__] The cow can now
be
milked. Okay.
[Music]
Come back later to milk another
bucket. But what is this for?
We're off.
Think he was retired.
What?
Don't talk to your
horse. Okay, really quick. We're about
to hit four hours, so I'm going to
restart OBS really
quickly. Hopefully, it should stay on
the same stream. If it doesn't, we'll
just go to the next one. One second.
Are we good? Are we getting information?
Are we good? Are we getting
information? Very
nice.
Mhm. Okay.
A bad
no game on Discord stream. Oh
yes, there we
go. Okay.
So, you happy? I think so.
And I did good. You did good.
So, am I forgiven?
Never.
You are a hard woman. Ma. Ma, come out
here.
Satie, you're alive. John, it's Satie
Adler. Well, how'd you know she was? We
I saw her. I thought Well, I'm so happy.
I'm so happy.
Well, come on.
[Music]
But tell me about you, darling. No,
armed to the teeth like that. I'm a
working woman, Abigail. I'm a bounty
hunter, bodyguard. I protect the gold
prospectors up in the hills. I'm
thinking of starting my own
transportation business. I was thinking
maybe if John wanted to earn some money.
My husband, he ain't looking for that
kind of work. I took on a lot of debt
when we bought this place. And you're
working for her to pay it off.
Yes, sometimes I was. But I thought we
said no more of that. No, you said that.
What else am I going to do? I'm a
goddamn man. It's legal work, Abigail.
And I never got killed. It's hunting
down fools for the government. Easy.
Even Jack could do it. Don't you put
those stupid ideas in the boy's head.
He's going to do something better than
this. Like what? Writing silly stories?
I'm sorry, Abigail. Really, I am. I just
thought if you wanted to earn some
money. How many times do I got to bury
you, John Marston?
Never. You ain't never burying me. It's
legal work that I can handle.
There's
a there's something else.
Micah.
Bounty hunting is one thing, but godamn
Micah. I heard he was up country or some
fellow who sounded just like him. Killed
a family bar a little girl who escaped.
Leave Micah alone. Listen, I'm sorry,
Abigail. I came by cuz I was riding by
chasing a fella and I thought John
wanted to earn some extra money.
Already back in it. What is it, Abigail?
We need the money. Some fella robbed his
business, you know, an accountant or
something. Came down from roads, I
believe. How much does it pay? It pays
good. The soft ones usually do.
Okay then, I guess. But Micah,
no. All right, John Marson, let's go.
Just you bring him back to me. you here?
Of course.
I really like that the two denominations
of currency are good and bad.
You ready? What's it pay? Good.
Follow me. We're going up into tall
trees. Hey, it's nice of you to stop by
and see the place. Finally, Abigail's
back with the boy. You must be so
pleased, John. And the ranch. You were
right. It's really something. I think
I'm going to ask her to uh marry me. I
got a ring. It
was It was Arthur's. I found it in a
bundle of things that I've kept. You're
marrying Abigail or asking her at least.
Oh my. I never took you for a romantic.
No, me neither. But
it's something I've thought about and I
I
think I know I want it.
Okay. I guess I thought you were married
already long ago. No, not really. Not
officially. Well, I'm real happy for
you, Joan. Being married, it made me
real
happy. We're cutting off the main track
up here. A man's in need of post.
Whoa.
So, we're coming up on where he's been
seen.
Give me my shotgun.
Every day it takes my shotgun away from
me. Too powerful
with this [__] accountant Marshall
Thorwell been trying to live like an
outdoorsman. Amping out here. He's lucky
the Skinner brothers ain't found him.
Well, they might
have up here.
Just a rock.
Dude, Miss Rona, get your [__] together.
Must be it. Get down. Let's take a look
around. Something's been here.
This This looks looks
like something came through here.
Fella left in quite a hurry.
Prepared here.
Oh, he was from the south. Whoever he
is. Then maybe he's our man. If he ain't
become some bear's lunch. Yeah, it looks
like they went this way.
Him or the bear? Both of them.
It's that way, I'd say.
Great.
Pair. A pair of pears.
Damn it. I lost the trail. Can you see
which way he might have gone?
Okay, I think I got him. Follow
[Music]
me. It keeps going through here. Yeah,
this way. There's a cabin up here.
Get
it. My
god.
Crap. That ain't pretty.
Oh boy. That our fella
maybe. But eyes looks more like a local
farmer to me or what's left of one. Is
he gone?
You, Marshall Thorwell? That I am,
ma'am. I'm here to arrest you on behalf
of the state of Le Moine. You're wanted
for theft, fraud, and avoiding arrest.
Is the monster still out there? No, I
think he's gone. Come out.
Come on. Don't shoot. Keep
walking. Come on. I'm
coming. Look out.
[Music]
Wait.
What?
[Music]
Hold on.
How many shots does it take? I think
he's gone. Oh, [__] monster.
Thorill, get out of here before I come
in there and kill you myself. I'm
coming. Pathetic. Waiting to see if that
animal ate us. No, ma'am. That weren't
it? Yes, it were. Come here. Come here.
Sir, well, call yourself a man. Well,
it's like Abigail says, that's one word
for you.
I can't
believe we didn't kill that bastard.
Gave him something to remember us by at
least.
You all right, John?
Yeah, just we always find a way to
almost get killed, don't we? Mhm. That's
kind of the problem.
That's great and all, but I think I need
to hand a pair. Where's my pair? Dude, I
could [__] up a pair right now. I could
[__] up a pair, right?
I could [__] up a pair right
now.
Apricot will do. Maybe it wasn't right
of me to bring you along on those really
heavy things. Family man and all. Seeing
all
this, I don't know if I can do it again.
I'm my own man, ain't I? I get to make
those calls. I needed the money. You are
your own man, sure, but I'm my own
woman, and I get to say who I ride with.
And I don't know if your ranch and your
kid and your wife are things I want to
be worrying about when I hear a gunshot.
Yeah, fair
enough. Those are fine new clothes, by
the way.
Yeah, I spend my cash on fancy clothes
and horses and shiny new
guns. Who's this up here? Is that Are
you Satie Adler? Man, the bounty hunter.
Get off the road. Look, I got great
respect for you professionally, but if
that's Marshall Thor there, uh me and my
partner would like to split the reward.
You're doing what? Get off the road.
We was thinking you might need
protection. I look like I need
protection. Uh me and my partner, we're
dead selling splitting that reward. And
if not, well, we said we was going to
have to take all of it.
You and your partner are just children.
Don't get yourselves hurt now, son. I
told you she wouldn't listen. Drop him.
Well, that's funny. I
like
that. If we didn't get him, someone else
would have.
Damn. All right. This is a cold
business, ain't it? Yep. It does require
a certain level of detachment.
You ever think if it's right? No. I just
see orders on the wall and I try and
fill them. And if there's other bastards
after the same orders as I am, I get
competitive. Got excited. I saw that
tower. I'm like, "Oh, we can go there
and and get like the the storm
forecast."
It's called industry. And if you ain't
noticed, sure. Whatever. Whatever.
Whatever makes the Azy happy.
Everyone is out there doing it. I guess
they are. Me, too. But your friend, not
mine, cuz I'm not my friend.
So, you know what makes me happy? Don't
let me take one [__] guess.
I don't have to say it anymore. I can
just, you know, insinuate it.
Like, you know, you can say it. You have
one you have one opportunity to full
stream. But it's already in your brain.
I don't have to say it.
Um,
you
can. Anyway, being friends with you
makes me happy, too.
Mhm. And nothing nothing else. Totally.
Mhm.
I'm waiting.
By the way, so talking about the bear.
All right, bear. People underestimate me
how [__] durable bears are, right?
Cuz I mean, okay, people understand how
adorable humans are just in general,
too. But like bears are [__] absurd.
I put like 20 head shots into the bear.
Okay, head shot maybe. But like even
modern like 44 Magnum struggles to like
take down a bear in like I don't know
let's say like eight shots in the
wellplaced like eight shots right
and that you're using like what gun were
you using? I don't remember you were
using like the uh was the mas was it the
mouser or was it the uh it was mouser.
Okay. So, I mean that's would it have
been? No, it wouldn't.
Um,
okay. I mean, that's like [__] I forgot
the car. It's 7.63 uh or 8 mm rounds or
whatever.
Um, it's the [__] other thing. 30 m
automatic. That's what I'm thinking of.
Sorry, wrong uh [__] cartridge.
Um, it's like way weaker. It's absurdly
weaker. Yeah, I mean to the head like a
dozen shots to the head would maybe get
it, but any of those are misplaced or
just graze it does nothing. Does [__]
nothing to it. Bears are terrifying. All
right. Like but I had a shotgun and it
didn't let me equip it during that
segment.
Honestly, I mean, what did you have
loaded in the shot? It was running
slugs. Slugs. That probably would have
been good. Yeah. But it's but it it did
the quick time event and said you can
only use the [__] mouser. Well, to be
fair, how are you going to use a like
rifle length shotgun while pinned to the
ground? No, it was before that. Before
that, I wasn't watching closely. Yeah,
it was like it it like made time slow
down, put you in dead eyee stance, and
it's like, oh, I have time to [__]
switch my shotgun. I guess that didn't
interesting. Well, it wouldn't let me.
It was it was forcing me. To be fair,
you probably wouldn't have time, but
that is annoying. In the video game, you
could. Well, in the video game, yeah,
reality can be broken,
so I think they were just trying to make
the bear terrifying, which is
understandable. Yes, they Yes. You said
earlier you knew something about Micah.
You going to tell me what you know? Are
you sure you want to hear about it?
Ain't all that back at your ranch
enough? If I find him, I will handle it.
your bounties or transport work. That's
your decision to bring me along or not.
But but Micah, that's something we Well,
I I got to do with or without you,
Shady. You know what I mean? Okay. Okay.
I
know. Well, I'm hearing things. A lot of
things. Still mostly just whispers, but
I think he might be pretty close. When
you hear something real, you bring it to
me. Okay, I'll bring it to you. But you
think about if this is what you really
want. Everything you can get and
everything you could lose. I understand
all of that. Of course I do. Okay, then.
Thank you. What the hell? Here we are.
Let's get him to the jail house.
Okay. Get
Chuck here. Put him
down. Go on. Get home to your wife. Why
are they so station? Let you know if I
hear anything about Micah. Need a hand
taking him in? Him? No, I'm fine. You
sure? Yeah. I'll send your share to the
bank when I get paid. Thank you.
[Music]
Move. What the hell are you doing?
I have never done a single thing.
That's not even true. Okay, my bad. I
must have forgotten worse than this,
boy. Yeah, it's okay. I can recount at
least one thing you've done.
[Music]
I'm
ducky. Look out for each other, huh?
[Music]
What a boy you are. What a boy you are.
Slow now. Oh, poor thing. Poor thing.
Come here. Come here.
Okay, come on. Hold still now. I need to
focus. Oh, it's deep this one. Sorry.
Feel terrible.
I feel like if I say anything, he's
going to get kicked.
Lord have mercy. Oh, hey. Hey, come
back. Oh, no.
[Music]
[Applause]
Nothing you can do. You got a temper on
you.
Come off.
[Music]
Relax, my friend.
Oh, you're a kind man. Blow it. Oh, this
is really nice of you. Thank you. Thank
you. Thank you. Please accept my thanks
as reward. I won't forget this. Sure,
partner.
Okay. Thanks for your
thanks, I guess.
You and me,
[Music]
fell. Easy now.
Right. Boomer 21. Right.
Is that a dog on my property?
Don't.
It's
puppy. Whoopy. How you getting on, son?
Uh, fine, sir. What are you doing?
Reading and uh playing with the dog. You
want to go fishing or something?
Not particularly. Not particularly. I
don't really like fishing.
Do like eating though, right? Cuz we got
to find some food.
Well, that's crazy. I got steak in my
Let's head this way to the stream.
It's this way to Creek Flow. Okay. Would
you rather be forced to fish or get
steak out of someone's pocket? I'm
sorry. It's okay.
Do you wish I was more like you? Like
me? No.
But let's keep going.
Can Rufus come fishing? Dogs scare the
fish.
But if you'd like him to, I guess.
So, you don't care if we don't catch
fish? Yeah.
I I'm not very good at this at fishing
or or walking. At talking with you.
But fishing will be fun.
Sure. Unless you want nothing but beans
again.
No, I'd like the fish.
And it'll be pretty fun. I promise.
Okay. It's fine being out with you even
though I can't say the right thing. And
you,
Pop, we
should Let's do more of this.
Sure. I mean, yes, I'd like that.
Pretty countryside, ain't it?
I guess.
Grass and the
light. There's a lot of ugly in this
world, but sure as hell is a lot of
beauty.
Yes.
Yes. You'll see it better when you get
older. It's tough at your age.
Just land and light. But to me,
it's it's
it's
life.
I can't explain it.
Okay. What are you going to be when
you're older? I want to travel, see the
world. That's a good idea. Then become a
lawyer and and help people. That's not a
lawyer. That's a Are you laughing at me?
No,
never.
Just whatever you do, do it better than
me and your mom. We had
it however we had it. We didn't make the
most of it until now.
Okay.
This is a real good fishing spot. Folk
always say that then hours later they've
caught nothing. Ain't you just the
leading authority on everything? Well,
ain't it so? Well, maybe in this case
it's true. I hear there's some real big
fish in here. Big old steel heads. Hard
to catch, but real good eating. Hard to
catch. Get your excuses in early. That
dog of yours know he's owned by a
complaining knowit all. Come on, son.
I'm sorry. No, you
ain't. It's all right. Come on, let's
fish. Uncle
Jose, he was the fisherman,
wasn't he? That's right. I remember
Uncle Arthur taking me though. Arthur
taught you how to fish now, did he? Huh?
Yeah, I suppose he did. That's nice.
I got a bite. I got a bite. All right,
now stay calm and start reeling them
in. Not too fast. You want to set the
hook in tight. He's He's strong. Good.
Now reel him in. Stay calm. Give him a
tug. Now
reel. I got him.
What do you think? How do you feel? I
don't I feel I don't
know. Thanks, Dad.
I told you this was a good fishing spot.
You
did.
Hey, my trip with Arthur, I remember
now. I picked some flowers and a couple
of men showed up dressed like they was
from the city. No one like that's going
to show up here. Thank the Lord.
Where's Roffus?
I don't know. Relax. He's a dog.
Where is he, though?
I don't
know. I'll go find
him.
Roffus. Come on, boy. Rus, here, boy.
Let me come help you
look. Roffus.
Roffus.
[Music]
Roffus. Roffus.
Well, this ain't like him, Paul. Can you
go search the other side of the track?
Gavin gone. Gone. Snake.
Dad. Complete. Roffus. Roffus. No. It's
a snake. I see. He bit him. Calm down,
boy. And Jack, you calm down, too. Come
here. What are we going to do? What are
we going to do? Paw
he said. Are you sucking?
This is evil.
Dad. Roffus. No.
Don't swallow it. Yeah, I
know. Get the poison out.
He's going to die. He's going to die.
He'll be okay. We just got to get him
somewhere warm and calm. He's going to
die. Go get the fishing rods and the
fish. I'm taking the dog home.
Abigail, can I get a hand? What? What's
going on? Dog got bitten by a snake.
Let's look after him and the boy. Grab
his rug. Is he going to be okay, Jack?
The dog is going to be just fine. We
never should have gone fishing.
Sometimes
Sometimes you just don't know how things
are going to turn out.
But But the dog The dog's going to be
fine.
It's okay, son.
Shut the door.
Daddy said
roll. You teach a boy to horse and he'll
horse around. You teach a horse to boy.
Well, what can I say? I'm going to flare
for the horse dramatic.
Yeah, that's okay.
Be quiet. No, you be quiet. Well, I'm
having a moment of repose. Well, you
should be working. Oh, I I've done my
work. Not how I heard it. You should be
grateful. I'll be grateful when you get
off your behind. Is uncle being weird
after all we done for him? Eat the
[__] beef, dude. Eat the [__] beef
now. Shoot yourself.
She said shoot yourself.
I'll tell you what, woman. Was a damn
sight more peaceful around here before
you came back. You're just lucky I'm a
soft touch. I should sling you out by
your ear. Ah, you always was a
cold-hearted lizard of a woman. It's
walk or work, old man. I got lago.
You'll have more than that in a minute.
Oh, John, tell her about my health. Do
what the lady says. I work my fingers to
the bone building this place. Abigail
Roberts. Marston. Abigail Marston. Miss
Marston to you. Miss Marston to you.
Well, you let him stay.
He's actually been pretty useful in a
useless sort of way.
Who's that?
No idea. Friend or foe? We'll soon find
out.
It's the Gettys Boys from Prague Rage.
Yeah. Mr. Milton. Mr. Milton. Duncan.
Sir, Ma found some old furniture in the
attic. I thought maybe you folks want it
as a housewarming present. You know, uh,
they send their regards. How kind they
are. Tell your mom and Paul we're very
touched. Where would you like the
furniture? Uh, just over here. Then we
can arrange. This is real kind of y'all.
You saved the ranch. P said this is the
least he could do. Scaled down adults.
Well, that's about it. Yeah, I was also
looking at your best strange. He's got
friends for life and me and my family.
Bye, sir. I feel like it's supposed to
be the heads.
I can't believe this.
It's so kind. I should buy.
There's still some more things that we
need to get. It's so kind. How about we
take a ride into town? I should get a
barrel. It's been ages since we spent
any time together. Barrels are fun.
Let's go get the wagon. I want to fill
it with Honestly, just like being around
and shooting the barrels is really fun.
Okay, let's go. I feel whenever I did
like cowboy action shooting like all the
like just barrels and like random just
like old western [__] around was so fun.
It's honestly we ain't had the time, you
know? We both been working hard and now
we got something to show for it. The
ranch, this life.
It's so nice. John,
may I help you, my lady? No.
John, what is
this? How do I unlock the fedora outfit?
And now to Blackwater. is Woody.
Is it okay? Thank you.
Lori,
is there anything you want to do? You
said there were some things we still
needed. We can buy them from that
catalog. Let's go have some fun. I know
your idea of fun, John Marsden.
I ain't had a drink and Well,
I left those things behind me. No, I
mean good wholesome fun like
uh decent funk have. We decent now, I
guess. Well, decent or not, I still got
some errands to run. That's fun. What
would you like to do? Maybe get our
portrait to for starters. Portrait?
There's a fell in town, takes
photographs. You want to stare at a
portrait of yourself all day long? I
hate to break it to you, but you ain't
that much to look at. No. Oh, come on.
You want a picture of us? What What are
straight relationships?
Bad. Like what? What? What dynamic is
this? Oh, we are mar we I want to marry
you. Also, I don't like how you look.
I will say that right now. I don't care
if it's a joke. She and Sadie should get
together and stuff. Exactly. Okay. Okay
then.
Sure. Is there anything else you want? I
don't know. Let's just walk around and
see where it takes us. I do have to be
back by dinner time. Uncle Jack and
Charles looking after themselves may
even be good for him.
That may be good for him, too. Any luck,
Jack and Charles will eat uncle. Don't
get my hopes
up. So, maybe you're right. We'll stay.
You know I am honestly big polycill. And
then also uncle's just like there.
Uncle's like the dog.
Rufus dies and they just replace him
with uncle. John and Satie better
though. No, no, no, no, not really. No,
no, no. It's Abigail and Satie and then
John and Charles. That's how we fix
everything. That is genuinely that would
fix actually everything ever. That would
fix most stuff in this in this epilogue
section.
Celestia being evil. It would fix that.
[Music]
She is though. It would fix that.
Celestia is evil. I'm saying it would
make her not evil.
Can you be normal?
When have you known me to be normal?
We're We're putting you up for
adoption
now. Oh,
can someone take me?
God [__]
stupid. Ah, right. Ah, remember
remember? Ah. Ah. Ah.
I don't I don't want to be adopted by
you, Bonk the 6th. Sorry.
But what if But what if Bonk
says, "What if we took B?" Right.
Right. I'm like only a pony sometimes. I
don't even think it works.
What are you right now? I'm generally
just a fawn. So like mostly, you know,
goat. You are a goat.
I get it now. You know, Angora goats are
really swag. They have such cur they
have like curly hair. It's really silly.
It's really It's really swag.
That's a very unique fur. Like absurdly
soft. It's really nice.
[Music]
I'll just put us here.
So good at parallel. Let me help you
down.
Why are you being so courteous? I don't
know. There you go.
I'm going to head to the drapers for a
minute. Won't take long, but I need to
get some materials. You want to come
with me or wait here? And after that, we
can go get our photo taken. Yeah, after
that we can get our photo taken.
[Music]
All right, let's get that picture taken.
It means that much to you. It does
today. It does.
[Music]
You're acting kind of funny. I am kind
of funny.
A different kind of funny.
Am I annoying you?
No, I like this version of you. It just
it just ain't you.
Well, maybe I've changed.
Finally.
I don't
know. Probably not.
Hello, madam. Sir. Hello, sir. How can I
help you?
We're We'd like to get our photo taken.
Oh, photo. Yes. Yes. that I can help you
with. Yes.
So, uh, what do we do?
I'm sorry. What did What did you want?
Uh, a portrait taken. Oh, we do that.
Yes. Wonderful. Handsome couple. Quite
something. But you need a background. A
background? Yes. We have Niagara Falls,
Paris by night, we have Mount Vuvius and
its ruins. We have the open prairie.
Take take a take a look. Pick one.
What do you think? Let's see the others.
How about this one? It's dramatic, ain't
it? Let's see what else they got. A
flare for the A flare for the This is
pretty. Or spooky maybe. Let's see
everything. She asked for something
spooky. She asked for something spooky.
[__] That's nice. It's like being back
home. Was that all of them?
This is
uh this is a bar. Surely there's a
photograph of you in a bar already.
Look, this was your idea, John. It's up
to you. You've seen all of them.
Anything you like.
Sir,
this one. Wonderful. That will be simply
getting run over by a train. Wish I had
the husband that I hate. They require
skirts. I couldn't afford the just so
exotic. You stay there. Uh make a pose
that you feel comfortable with. Well,
this is dignified.
Try to enjoy it.
Think I'd rather be cleaning the
outhouse.
Quiet. Thought you were a cowboy, not a
poser.
Oh, no. I'm a poser. I learned from the
best. That is true.
lovely.
Sure. What's this? Mhm. Bravo.
It looks so happy. Give me a minute.
To develop this for you. Wait here. Take
your time. It's like whatever.
Nothing at
all. Tough guy. Guns slinger. Excuse me.
Nothing. I didn't say anything. I just
posed. Shut up. You know you're not very
nice to me. Oh, I'm nicer than you
deserve.
True.
Here. Why are they so mean to each
other? Came
out beautiful. Like some of their banter
is like cute, but just like some of it's
like really Look at that face. on you.
Be quiet. What do I owe you? $5.
There you go. Thank you. I'll see you
again. Oh, yes. He'll probably come in
for a pose. He seemed to enjoy himself.
I feel like it's a pretty good place for
a photo in 1904.
Yeah, I think so. Right.
Came out. What shall we do now? There is
one thing I hadn't done. I never been to
see one of them moving picture shows.
Never? No.
Well, come on. Let's go do that. You
sure? Of
course. It's the Marvel of the Age. I
love Marvel.
Okay, good. Let's go. I love Marvel.
It's I love doing the book.
Y'all see this? I thought that was in
game for a second, which made no sense,
but I just
Come in. Thank you.
What's playing? Something called
sketching for sweetheart, I think. Oh,
hello. Imagine you just [__] walk
into like the theater like into like in
the prologue and Arthur's just like
there alive.
Hey guys, I thought it'd be funny to do
this like 5 years and go and
I have no idea.
Thank you again. Come on in. A mystery
awaits.
[Music]
It's just incredible. It's like they're
really there. Hey, I'm trying to watch
this. John Marston.
[Music]
Put arm around Abigail. Sure.
What are you doing with that arm? I
thought you might be cold. John,
that's women for you. Don't you dare,
John Marston. What? I'm watching. Who
would he say? Please. I don't know what
this any of this is. It's not. Don't be
such a sour puss.
They should have said Stop it. She's a
piece of work. Really?
[Music]
What the [__]
Oh my. Get it, girl. Is it over? Get it.
I think so. Come on.
That was be seeing you.
All right, we better get home. A we
never get out. The farm will be fine.
The farm. I love hearing that. Let's go
down to the lake for a minute. The lake?
Sure. Why? Are you finally going to
drown yourself?
Do a man of speaking.
What the hell? Happily so. What is their
[__] acting real strange? I like
Okay. She's like, "Are you going to kill
yourself?" He said, "I don't think so."
And she said, "That's really weird that
you just said that to me."
Not come on. He's like he's like trying
to be nice but
misog what about Jim Milton? Oh, hy
morse. Sav said straight people are so
strange I don't know. Let me help you
in.
Like I
said, mighty strange.
I like to row. You should play a game of
win. You can hardly swim.
I don't plan on capsizing.
I wonder whose boat this is. It don't
matter. We'll have it back. I hope they
don't think we're They won't think
anything from it. We're borrowing. I
hope it don't got leaks or nothing.
She's seaorthy. Okay, relax. Why would
you hope it wouldn't have leaks? Oh, you
value your own life, but not your home.
Strange man, Rowan. I thought it was
John Marston, but now I suspect he's
been replaced with an impostor. Like
Among Us. Among Us in real life us
[Music]
who can we trust in this Among Us
entourage.
Okay. Ain't it pretty?
We have fun here.
We like to It's It's a family here, you
know. What is it?
You were proposing.
I don't think I want to after all that.
Yeah, but I don't I I don't know what I
want to happen. I am married to you.
Maybe the boat should have I mean proper
in front of God.
You serious? You serious?
I got this ring. I know. I've had it for
a long time.
Take it.
Jin say yes. Not even serious. Sorry.
Not even like Do you want to marry me?
Take it. Very happy if you would. We've
lived a lot of lives.
Let's just live this one from now
on. You and me, Jack. a family by law.
John, I
never I didn't know it mattered, didn't
you? It
didn't. But now it
[Music]
does. If you think this is dumb, I'm I'm
sorry. Shut up, you silly man, and kiss
me.
That wasn't an answer.
She didn't say
yes. This is foreshadowing.
She's planning to kill him right now.
Exactly.
And then run off with Satie.
Trust. John then drowned himself after
being forced by societal pressures to
marry a woman instead of his true love,
Charles.
[Music]
Yeah. Like, did you see the piggyback
ride? Come the [__] on, dude. Honestly.
Yeah. Okay. Wait. Wait. Okay. Look,
look. This has just caused the longest
loading screen in all of Red Dead. Okay,
there we go.
Even the game said [__] I got to load a
while on that one. I really think about
this
one. Okay, something bad's going to
happen now.
Yeah, obviously
she's right there. You could just kiss
her. You know that,
right? Jammy ass looking ass guy. No,
see see. Okay, here's the thing,
actually. Um, she poisons her lips so
that if he kisses her.
Oh, everything's normal. He figured it
out already. So, he's like avoid Okay.
Santa Claus. Look at ass guy.
[Music]
What are you looking
at? Oh, that's spawned.
[Music]
What's all that then?
What the Ford F-150?
No, I don't think so.
Finally getting married. Time to jump.
Among Us in real life
sus. How can we trust in this Among Us
entourage? Spice girls in the coupe. So
sick. Chicken soup.
Uh-uh.
No. Red Dead, that's not how video games
works, Red Dead, that is not how video
games
works. You're not good at this game. I'm
better at
it.
Mhm. Bring the feed sacks over to feed
the
chickens. Where are the [__] feed
sacks?
[Music]
Where are the
sacks? Okay.
Is that over there? Oh, that's just the
entry. Are you building something else?
This is
horse nightmares.
He and Princess Brea raised seven happy
children, and none of them ever knew
that their father had once been the
bravest warrior in the world.
I love it. I truly love it. Abigail,
dear, what's for dinner? What's for
dinner? Away with you, you no good
parasite. You cook. Actually, that's not
a bad idea.
John, come out here.
Hey,
John.
Abigail. Sadie. Charles. I found him. I
found Micah. No. I got to lead. One of
his boys wanted for murdering a woman.
Been seen drinking in Strawberry. If we
can get to him, he'll lead us to Maka.
But I got to go now. You coming? No,
he's not coming. I will. That's your
business. His business is here.
Yeah. Yeah. I'll ride with you. No.
I'm I'm begging you. No. You You risk
all this. For what? For Micah. All this
All this wouldn't exist if it weren't
for Arthur, Sadi, and all the folks
fell. If I let him go, this place ain't
no more real than than one of Jack's
dragons. I'm begging you. And I'm
begging you to
understand. This is it. This is Please.
Please try
to I ain't got no other
choice. Keep an eye on the place for me.
Of course. Please.
I don't exactly. Let's go kill this son
of a [__] then.
Just one more job. Arthur, let's catch a
strawberry before he dries out. Like,
okay. Uh, John John is being a [__]
He's always being a [__] He's being a
[__] right now. But at the same at the
same time, I'm not really sure what
Abigail is so scared of here cuz him
dying. But he does not doesn't hasn't
she played Red Dead one?
Which one of Mike's boys is Cle? Which
one was Cle? The big one or the little
one? The one with the rat face. My
memory is they both had rat faces. The
little bastard with the rat face thing.
R3x lol says, "Where is Arthur Morgan?"
You're damn right he will. Um, we owe
this to Arthur. You think Arthur cared
about?
I'm not so sure. Especially not at the
end. He cared about stopping Micah. And
that's what we're doing. I hear you're
taking bounties now. And I hear you're
building houses. Mhm. When I'm not
killing old friends. Hell nowadays, I'm
almost always killing old friends. Old
friends and new. Ain't that right, John?
Seems that way. You interested in bounty
hunting, Charles? Our last
assistant was put out to pasture. No,
that work ain't for me. I uh I think I
might get out of here. Go north Canada.
Find a woman. Start a family if I can. I
see how that gay. Yeah, sure it works.
I'd like to try it. Hey John, you've
given him the family book. I thought we
would have inspired him to a life of
celibacy and isolation.
You know, I've been thinking I might get
out of here too. down to South America.
Maybe it's wild but less mean. I guess
I'd run protection for a gold mine or
take up with a handsome revolutionary. I
don't know.
Something see something else at least.
That all sounds good. Yeah, it all
sounds real fine. But we got some
business to take care of first.
No, no, no.
How could Satie of all people?
[Music]
She's already been married to a man. Try
something new. She be handsome in the
bush. Okay, that's true, Strawberry.
This is it. We leave our horses by the
bridge, then we find it.
[Music]
Okay, John. Charles, you take the other
side of the river. I'll stay on this
one. If we meet in the middle, we would
have covered most of the town. If he's
here, we'll get him. Okay, let's go.
I got this covered. Go over that bridge.
There, Cle. Wrong way. Hey,
Cle. Been a while. [__]
Stop that man. He's wanted for murder.
We'll head him off. Hey, stop. Stop.
[Applause]
Can't escape us, Cle.
Come here, friend. Huh? He's got Look at
this.
[Music]
Hello, Clint. Remember us?
Get away from me, Joe. You going to take
a turn? Hey, hey, hey. We're all
buddies, ain't we? Sure, Sadie. With
pleasure.
Now,
Where's Micah?
Micah, I ain't s.
Hey, hey, hey. Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Make him talk, John. You little Where is
he? Where's Micah? I don't know. I ain't
seen him. We fell out. You know what?
Oh, they broke. I'm bored of this. Let's
hang the bastard. Boy, good idea.
Oh, wait. Hold on. Bring him up to the
gallows.
Quit scrolling. Hello, pupping in.
I like how John's morals change every
two seconds. Stop it.
Move. Hold on. Stop now. Stay away.
Move. Stop this.
You heard the lady. Get up there. Keep
moving. Come here, you bastard.
Move it. Come on. Move.
Here. I want you stood right here.
Still.
All right. String the no good murdering
bastard up.
Let's try this again. Where's Mike?
No, no, no, no, no.
Where's Mike? I already told you I ain't
seen him. You lie. It ain't my
fault. He tried to kill me. Where's
Micah?
Talk or I'll pull this lever.
Talk. No. No. No. No. No. No.
Shut up. We We
He's up in the mountains. I think it's
He's up in Mount Henicount.
You got a whole gang now. Bad man doing
bad
things. I I tried to stop him from
murdering that little girl. We fell out.
Honest, please. I'm I'm more than a good
guy.
Hang him. No. No. There ain't no He's
done. Thank you.
Well, that was fast. Well done. Come on.
Oh my god. Everyone's here. They're so
excited. No, like
mount up. Let's ride.
It's a long ride. Let's finish this
motor around his corpse. I can't. It
won't let me.
[Music]
I'm sorry. That guy's like responsible
for so much genocide.
[Music]
Oh, yeah.
Not him specifically, but his
involvement with like I don't
know. He saw everything happen. It took
him what 5 years of it continuing to
happen to
stop. Yeah.
[Music]
We all ready? This path will take us up
into the high mountains. Laid the what?
There's an old watch tower up there they
might be using for a camp.
[Music]
There's like no way Micah hasn't killed
a little girl before.
They probably got in a million.
Snapper. Get in cover quick.
What?
I lady's horse. Excuse me. Lady's horse
is really important. He said, "What was
that?" What?
We all ready? This Good. Good scripting,
everyone. This path will take us up into
the high mountains. Blades away. There's
an old watch tower up there. They might
be using for a camp.
[Music]
There must be a snapper. Get in cover
quick.
You might
cause this.
John, be careful. Where is this bastard?
[Music]
Stay low. We got to get closer to him.
Rock when we
get a ground every time. Okay.
I got moving up the bullets, the canteen
and some jerky. You can
try your right there.
[Music]
[__] Yeah. Move up on it.
Okay.
What? Four
shots. It's probably hard programmed so
that you can't kill until you push up.
That's so annoying, though. Hey, get
down.
Son of a [__]
Now moving on.
[Music]
I got
down and some jerky. You can try.
You ain't getting nothing. Just ask your
friend back there. Stay there, dog.
Guess you ain't here by no accident.
Okay, moving.
[Music]
Oh, am I close enough now? Huh?
Wow.
You got it. Okay, let's go back to
Charles.
Hey, you're okay. You're okay. I will
be. Go
on. Go on now. Move fast. They'll come
down that hill and kill us
all. Oh, poor Charles. Come on, John. I
don't want to leave him. Hey, they know
we're coming now. I will be fine. I'll
follow you up. I just I just can't move
fast. Okay. Okay. Come on, John. [__]
[Music]
Satie.
Satie. Watch Satie. Watch what she does
here. This is her big trick.
She's mastered the slide. That's That's
her big [__] trick right there.
Holy [__] Look at this [__]
Yeah.
[Music]
Crazy. I don't have time for
this. Here they
[Music]
come. Here they move.
There we go. Fail. Where
is he going to come here? Okay, come on.
You pathetic.
Four of them.
[Music]
There's a camp here. It's not big
enough. Knock rides with 10 20 guys.
Keep climbing till we find that tower
Charles talked about. Okay. Prepare so
that you
[Music]
stand. Let's do this.
Satie doesn't take a [__] for [__]
[__] Look out.
Where are you? You sad sack of [__]
Keep punching
up. Come
here. CD. Get your hands off her.
So, I have good news.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
[Applause]
Oh, they're they're making women reveal.
I hate it when girls. She don't look too
fine. Come on.
It should have been John and Satie
should just arrived and gone back and be
lesbian. You're dying. I'll be fine.
Just sit. It's okay. I ain't dying. I
Are you kidding me? I hope not.
I ain't dying. Just go get him. I'll be
fine. I just need to rest. Okay,
Charles. Stay with her. Charles, you
worry about yourself. I'll be up there.
Look who it is in a minute. Ain't you
got a habit of just showing up? But I
got something to take care of. Sure.
Just you left, is it?
Yeah, just me.
[Music]
Hello.
I was kind of hoping I could kill you.
Likewise.
That was Joe. We got to be close. Where
is your head out?
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
You're
watching long for this life, you no good
bastard.
[Music]
[Applause]
I'll make
you
fire. Ain't no one's going to save you.
[Music]
Mel, I'm just here for
Mel.
[Applause]
Wait, you're
trying my gun?
[Music]
You're riding with the turn
code.
Micah. [__] Ma, I'm here for you.
You're going to
die. Bastard.
It's early morning.
Keep talking.
[Music]
Damn you
[Applause]
[Music]
I won't tell you.
You ain't going to see
another
[Applause]
[Music]
break.
Michael, are you over there?
[Applause]
[Music]
Micah, if you're here, come out.
Hello,
Scarface. Did you miss me?
Not much. Been a few years.
[Laughter]
Just kill him. How's that um [__] of
yours? She's good.
Didn't reckon I should waste my time
killing you.
But I felt different. So it seems.
Well, maybe after all this is over, I'll
go pay her a
call and the boy.
Whatever you say.
[Music]
I got more men coming,
John. You should run away. I look
forward to meeting them.
Not this time. Try that
again. And won't
you see this?
Run while you can, John. It's your only
hope. I'll respond here.
I wouldn't back shoot you. Go. You
won't. They won't let me down.
It doesn't let me dead
eyee. They won't let me dead eyee my
probably cuz that would be too easy. It
would be too easy. But it would be so
fun. It would be funny.
Not this time. You see this?
I'll make you rich. Real rich.
I got all the money from Black Water.
Well,
Scar, it's just here. Come.
[Music]
Come on, El Micah. At least die like a
man.
Hell fire. Just wait. It's just like old
times.
Come on. You Everyone wants to [__]
talk before killing the people they came
here to kill. And start walking.
[Music]
You got me. Kill him already. Oh my god.
Just like old times.
All manner focus. Take his guns at
least.
[Music]
Hello, son. Okay,
Sadler.
It's been quite a while. And that's why
you should
[Music]
now
John.
Now, what were you saying?
Dutch and I are teaming up once more. We
got money. We got
dreams. Join us, John. Join
us. Let her go. I can't do that.
John. Dutch.
Dutch, come on now.
You shot at me, son.
You started. You betrayed me.
I could say the same as
you. I was trying to do my best. You You
just cared for yourself.
I think differently. Join us. Join us,
John.
What is that? What do I do? What do I do
here?
If the game forces you, what are you
doing here, Dutch? Same as you. I'm
going to be so bad. I suppose Dutch and
I are teaming up once more. We got
money. We got dreams.
Join us, John. You join us.
Let her go. Now I can't do that, John.
Oh, God. The rest of you, bro.
Dutch. Dutch. Come on now.
You shot at me, son.
You started. You betrayed
me. I could say the same as you.
I was trying to do my best. Society. You
just cared for yourself.
I think differently. Join us. Join us,
John.
Let her go. She ain't well. I don't want
to kill you, John.
Arthur saved my life more than once.
Arthur's been dead a long time. This is
a new
century.
Dutch.
Dutch. We all did our best for you.
Ain't our fault things turned out the
way they did.
Dutch, killing me won't solve nothing.
Put down your gun.
Bastard. Say something, Dutch. Say
something.
I ain't got too much to say no more.
Oh, good.
You shot
[Laughter]
me. You shot me pretty good.
Yeah, it's really good.
[Music]
Oh, he's like dead.
What?
What? Okay, there we go.
Thank you.
You can blow his head off with the
shotgun and he still just walks like
that.
He's a really silly guy.
Oh, thank God. You okay? Fine. You're
crazy. I hope so. Help me up.
Let's go get Charles. There's money.
Lots of money in the cabin. Black water.
I'll go see. Hurry up.
I got a wedding I want to go to.
A wedding,
John? Holy
[__] They got all that and they're
living up in the [__] mountains over
here. Well, none of them are living
anymore, but
All that dying up in the
[Music]
[__] I like that they let you shoot.
Jack, uncle, come out here.
[Music]
It's over,
Abigail. It's all over.
You're going to be real happy. We got
all the money.
Hey, can we like fix people's games,
please?
We save the two best characters in the
game. You're the only two good
characters in the entire game. Please.
I'm going to where the sun burns and the
heat stays and come and come by my side.
Wait. Oh, that's it. Right here. Yeah,
he said. Okay. To where the river turns
to dust. I thought there was a second
epilog. God is never rush. Come only by
my side. right here. Did I miss when it
said epilog or something? I love you and
the world.
Yes.
It seemed to make sense when brother STO
said one more be enough.
I'm going to be
[Music]
enough. Money for
everything. Silver toad boots and
kerosene.
Comely by my side right here.
Oh, I did miss one. I did a couple part
[Music]
two red.
When I see you behind the glass, I
forget that I'm in the cage.
They bring me to Sunday mass, but it
never wipe the
rage red. I love you and the
world. Seven months gone and seven years
to go edge. I can't stay no more. Comely
by my side, right here.
Red, I love you and the
world. Red, I need you and the world.
[Music]
Hey, synthesizer.
Technically, that's like it sounds like
a CR78, which is synthesized drum
machine.
[Music]
And I think that's a melatron in the
background as well. So we did it. We got
synthesizer and red. Cruel cruel world.
I
go cruel world.
Oh, I [__] love this song.
All these credits.
We're going to watch the whole credit
sequence.
Oh, look. Doing
something with the moonlight
as deep inside. I know now that I'm
homeward bound.
As I wander through the piles, the
whisperings they tell of the many before
me who tried and fell, seeking fortune
and ways to get to glory days.
[Music]
Not
quite. Do you know who do you know who
the singer is on this song? Cruel.
Do you do you know Can you tell who it
is? No.
It's good old Willie Nelson.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's really nice.
I I thought we already established this
earlier. The other version of this song.
Did we Wait, this one might be
different. It's a different one. I
forget. I think
this is the [__] uh Josh Home one,
right? Yes. Sorry, extra. I look extra.
I have it really
quiet. Be so quiet. Be so
quiet. Do the other version.
I always too.
They just found the body. You're just
like, damn, this [__] sucks. Oh, he's
dead. [__] leave. Didn't even grab
it. Leave that [__] There's no way that
Jung got all that gold, right? There
must still be some in there. They went
back for it. A stupid
[Music]
notap topical extract. I felt
mission. I knew then I must go to her
away from this cruel
world. Cruel cruel world. Must I go
on the space? Oh [__] I need to change
fix that.
[Music]
Oh god, I should have slept. Cruel cruel
world.
Hey, it's time to sleep. Yeah, I've been
looking at sickles for the past like 3
hours. I get it. I I was looking at
signs a little bit ago. I was looking I
was looking at uh Time for bed. I was
looking at like small small form factor
sides. Well, do you want like a do you
want like a weapon side or like a
actual?
Okay. Well, really weapon I mean a
functional or like fantasy? Functional.
Well, then you want a war side, which is
ba basically not a scythe
aesthetically cuz you rotate the blade
90 and it's basically just a like a
glaive with a curved blade, but it's
functional cuz regular size there is a
manual. There is one manual written on
how to use a regular sythe like the tool
in combat. It's basically a joke. They
just had way too much money. They were
doing [__] Um, you battled hard, but
that it is something you could That's
Red Dead Redemption using AI in their
game.
[Music]
Now it's time. I I'm I'm looking at I
was looking at Warides, but then I was
like, actually, I think I want something
smaller like a form factor aesthetically
cuz I I want it to be more of a walking
stick, frankly, just like Renfairs and
[__] So, I'm just going to probably get
like a sickle and put it on a really
long haft. Um, let's see.
[Music]
I'm looking at sickles for so [__]
long people that I like. Oh, I found
this really silly one. Wait, where's
this? Isn't this like not a sickle? It's
just a [__] side that someone like
put like a really short handle on
[Music]
here. This [__] actually in room. Look
at it. See the fire in your eyes.
Oh, so goofy. It's so silly. I also
found I also know it's really really
great.
Wait a minute. You're not alive.
Why are you on my screen? You're not
[Music]
alive. That's really stupid.
It's
[__] I mean, okay, this one's
functional, but it's curved so much.
It's curved so
[Music]
much. It's a lot of things that become
kind of my uplifting.
[Music]
looked and it's it's a bush hook, but
it's like the dog lift for me to run
over it.
Oh, I can't find any other examples of
this exact model. And it seems to be a
mass production model by Canford was
still mass production by Little Giant. I
can't find any other examples. That's
such a cool looking
like like size head the the bush hook.
[Music]
Chris out.
Honestly, my ideal my ideal war side or
like thing would be like something like
this. This I guess one for sale. This is
a historical example is the 17th century
Scottish one. Be really nice. The like
curve on it is perfect. Like looks so
good. It looks so good. But I can't find
anything exactly like that. That's
annoying.
[Music]
Um, exactly. Okay. Stardust. I don't I
guess I haven't really like shown it
before, but like my a lot of my like
clothes that I wear are very moon
themed. I have a lot of moon themed
[__] Like really good. Yeah, I have so
much moon themed [__] It's great.
Honestly, that's kind of the aesthetic I
want to go for for like win probably,
too. I have the clothes. I mean, just do
that. I wear that [__]
[Music]
Bart.
Oh, it's like a fancy modern production
war size. It's not really a war size cuz
the blade is not actually taken on the
side. It's made like that, but it's the
same shape basically. Could be
shiny. Like not quite curved enough for
me. I much prefer that historical
example. It's like more curved and a bit
like chunkier and short.
So many animators
Yay! So many ambient ambient world.
[Music]
Oh, what's this now?
Rotellier. I don't think he ever found
Captain. He was literally right there.
Oh, I get it.
[Music]
The world looks so
good. All right.
[Music]
Oh wow. So so much facial
animators. They really they're just like
they're like they're like making people
have I thought it said Cardi B in
animation production coordinators. It's
like oh okay. Not quite.
[Music]
[Laughter]
Run it over. Run it over. Run it over.
Run it over. No. No. Run it over. Run.
Oh, it avoided death. They almost They
almost did.
Well, no. Dogs just kind of like like to
do that and [__] Oh,
don't worry about it.
Dogs are weird like that. They love
Pearson and Roads. They love going in
between legs and [__] Of horses.
When credits are over, can you play Mind
Sweeper?
[Music]
What was the [__] budget for this
game? I know it's AAA, but like that's I
wonder
[Music]
between 170 million and 100 and 240
million. Yeah.
Wow.
Well, including if you include the
marketing, it's between 370 370 and 450.
Sorry, I can't say words. have between
370 million and 540 million including
how much how much profit did it make?
[Music]
I they didn't make no I would have to
assume they did it. It
sold 64 million copies.
And like 50% of that is CEO bonus. Yeah,
true.
[Music]
Horse systems design.
Horse systems design. Jason Bone. I mean
Jason Bourne.
Oh, I get
it. Law systems design. We'll just take
them from real life. God. Hey, you need
designer for that.
Oh, want to talk about it? Get it? Oh,
no. Right. About it. About right. No.
No. We should talk about sides more. I
think everyone should talk about sides
more like in their daily lives.
Josh needed
You get your hair from You get your milk
from the milkman, your hair from the
hairman, and your needles from the
needle man. That's true. Mhm. I get all
my needles.
[Music]
Benjamin Sachs. Like Saxy, right? Get
[__] sexy, right? Oh,
what's that mean? I Well, no.
You should make like a song about that.
Maybe like the turtle. It's not It's not
sexy turtle. It's seductive turtle.
Can
we Can we get like the get sexy like go
for remix? Um I don't know what that
means. That's like a sentence. I don't
know. But I don't know what it would
like include either. It's sort of a
horrifying idea. I feel like maybe we
should each just make one change. I feel
like this one was just deleting the
song.
Where's John? Sades here. Where's John?
So John ran off with Charles to go be
gay.
[Music]
Sorry, I need him. It's just llo these
days. I don't think online's a DLC, is
it? I don't
remember. I
don't. It sucks though. I don't play it.
It's good if you
like. No, it's Yeah, it's not. But you
can make you can force it to be good
sometimes. Frasier Morgan, that's not
his name.
Soundtrack. You don't know anything. Oh,
my bad. The the soundtrack leans.
Oh, I get it.
They should like make that in real
life. They should make cowboys in real
life. That'd be like insane.
These are hands. Correct. I'm proud of
you.
[Music]
James Swan like the band.
Oh, that's
true.
[Music]
A It's your fault for being straight,
lady.
[Music]
Do you think if
Do you think if Dutch and Arthur were
gay together that would have fixed
everything? No, I I don't like that idea
considering Yeah. Wait, I don't like
that idea considering Dutch raised him.
Oh, I didn't. Oh, true. I
forgot. Yeah, I don't know who did that.
I missed. Yeah, but but I forgot this. I
guess I technically forgot cuz I
probably did those at some point. Like
there's a lot of story threads to follow
in this game and they don't talk about
it very much.
Oh, they do make a point of it like once
or twice. Yeah.
Dutch and Hosea on the other hand. I
always thought Arthur just like joined
the gang like a couple years before the
events of Red Dead 2. No. or like not
like a couple years, but like I don't
know like 10 years.
I think it's I think it's something
like if I remember correctly,
uh Arthur is like 37 when he dies and
Okay. Wow. He's he had been with the
gang I think for something like 25
years. Oh yeah.
Wow. Huh.
How did he turn out so all right? Um I
mean who? He's dead. What do you mean?
Yeah, I just thought All right. I I
would assume that perhaps they meant
before he died. Although being dead is
pretty all right. That's pretty
mediocre. like you know in the average
side of things like pretty net zero like
you know it's like
average ghost
[Music]
tuberculus oh the
watchlings depressed traumatized and
many bullet wounds
arththerulosis not what it's Bob,
he gave Dutch all he had. Not the like
$2,000 in his pocket. Grunulosis.
[Music]
Grunkulosis.
I kid you not. Sorry. The person's name
was Gary [__]
Sure, dude.
Oh, pollution.
Ooh, pollution.
My favorite. Yummy, yummy. Quality
assurance, drinks, and
[Music]
slurs. Uncle thriving really shows that
hunkering down and acting your wage will
really let you survive anything. I think
he's just a lucky bastard.
[Music]
Oh, I mean
that's Oh Jesus. Wait, that's like
dex or close enough.
[Music]
Open
more
like plugin art family.
Plug an art family. Plug art family.
They all smoke weed. In Red Dead 3, they
bring Arthur back and this time he has a
laser
rifle. Oh, I get
it. It would be really funny if Red Dead
3 was like sci-fi and just like
completely disconnected.
Arthur's back and he's going to space.
So,
is is Great Adventure actually about
Arthur Morgan? Is that a picture of me?
Oh, that's you. I get it now.
That said, I will
not technical.
Oh, why is that? I have a name for the
top line. So
like whatever compliance Kevin Sheepers
Andre Mountain
Wow. Peter Graham cooling. Oh, that's
where I go for all my cooling needs.
Yeah, exactly.
[Music]
Joe Woods is where I go for my wood
needs. Jason tong. That's where I go to
get my tongs. You know, like when I like
grab [__] Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Okay. Wow. Look at all Look at all
those chickens. Those are not chickens.
I was actually talking about the
cactuses, not even like I was talking
about the cactus, not even the [__]
birds. Development operations.
Okay.
Oh, there's his name. I know it's an
situation, but like
Arthur, don't say that.
In Red Dead 3, we play as John's
grandson as the last cowboy in the 50s,
Maxwell Ping Jr. Okay. No,
honestly, Cyberpunk 2077. Is that I was
thinking Starship
Arthur.
Okay. Oh.
[Music]
Micah's back, baby.
No. Yeah, actually, we brought Micah
back for Red Dead Redemption 2.5. Most
certainly not Micah. He's still
alive right here,
[Music]
though. Smoking weed every day.
Honestly, so
get it cuz eagle flies.
Oh, Red Dead Redemption 3. Battle for
Bikini
Bottom.
Okay. Oh, so many
names. The cast. Oh, so many names.
Oh, they all have not their actual
That's so
Okay. A widow. How
vague. I mean, it says their actual
names on the left. But that is really
funny that they just have like titles
for them. Yeah. A farmer's son was my
favorite character.
Oh, I really liked the hyishian
smuggler.
Oh, I really liked a monk.
Oh, frustrator is crazy though. What a
name. Brother Dorkkins.
[Music]
An anatomist. Oh, I get it.
A man of letters. Yeah. Outouse. I hope
that's someone who shows up in like, you
know, the Red Dead movie.
A bounty hunter. That could be so many
people in this game. That's like [__]
The all too inquisitive man.
I must have forgotten about that one.
Oh [__] I forgot about a Scottish
scientist. The manager of a Hey, where's
the prodigy daughter of
Doom? Wait, don't you remember a
warrior? Oh, that's
Pa. I actually do remember that. This
[Music]
Hey, where's
Pig? Oh my god, a Valentine tough guy.
A a man of the night. His name is
Vampire.
[Music]
Wow. Oh, there's more people in Red Dead
Online apparently.
Heer of wood and drawer of
water. What a title.
I wonder if people worked on this game.
No, like a small indie project. Like
three guys, you
know. Is that it?
[Music]
I think they did the delay pedal.
No, right
[Music]
now. This is all just one long name. I
don't know if I believe you. I wonder
why the first delay pedal wasn't that.
Monarch
lasagna. Oh,
1980. No, no, sorry. That's the first
digital one. 1950s with the the tape
echoplex and the copycat. That makes
sense. Actually, like it would have been
the ' 80s cuz they had slapback all over
like the 50s.
So many people. Well,
[Music]
this is a game. This is And you know
what, V? You want to do the honors?
Of what?
It's It's all about the game. Oh, I
mean, but that's assumed.
Well, yeah, but sometimes you need to
remind everyone, every pony, every
creature, it's all the game.
And
[Music]
[Applause]
also one on accident instead of the
That was actually frightening.
That's okay.
[Music]
I think I think they should have had the
distinct tushing voice everyone in this
[Music]
game. So like wait Micah we have to kill
you. This is the way.
[Music]
I need I need sadistic too. She's sad.
This will be my new beginning champion.
You
[Music]
know musicians. Oh,
rest, bro. Why am I so sneezy today? I
don't like Yeah, that was me. Sorry. You
make me so sneezy. Yeah, it's cuz see so
ponies actually the natural repellent to
um sneezing and I took all your pony. So
now you like sink a punch. You took them
all.
Mr. Crabs up here. Daddy said frost you
must
be frosty.
quit job forever and play Red Dead
[Music]
3. Get right on that, I guess. Woodro
Wilson Jack the
third. The third
[Music]
even rescue the anatomy.
So, who does the who does the Jedi gene
pass down to now that Arthur is dead?
John. John has
[Music]
it. And so, very
soon be really funny. just like a random
ass person got the this implies John has
the same gen Arthur. I don't think it
works like that. I think some people can
just like do that. I'm not even dead.
I'm not playing cyberpunk. I'm not
playing cyberpunk. I don't want to.
Don't I don't do that.
Next, you should play a game with you
should you should play Signalis.
Cyber punk looks so
[Music]
funny and I don't like cyberpunk as a
genre. It bores me so much. That's fair.
That's completely fair. Yeah.
Did you ever watch Edge Runners?
Yeah.
Fair. I like it.
[Music]
You can also think about being trans. I
mean, not like explicitly, but
definitely very easily can be
interpreted as that.
Celeste,
I feel like Celeste is more explicit
than that. But yeah, I played Celeste
like eight times. Celeste is great, but
it's still hard. It is. Yeah, no matter
how I've played Night in the Woods. No
matter how many times I play Celeste, it
doesn't really feel like I get better at
it.
Yeah, I get that. It actually feel like
I get worse because I take like
monthlong like like I take like a long
breaks in between replaying games and so
I come back I was like wow I don't
remember how to do [__] anything.
But I played bug snacks. Uh no I wasn't
too interested in playing bug snacks
though. I know it's the main
gimmick the switch up it has.
Oh okay. That was kind of my when you
got to you got to get an HMD like VR
headset and play Alex someday. I I don't
want I don't want to play VR things.
It's not interesting to me.
one day if it doesn't require a million
things to be set up
for Alex said.
I mean, it's really not bad if you get
like a a lot of headsets
um like nowadays use inside out
tracking. So, you have to like set up
trackers around your room or anything.
You just put on the headset and put on
the controllers and it works. That's
still a lot of stuff though.
Yeah. You're just like, you know, the
computer. Yeah, it's not like that. My
room was also typing.
Yeah,
you should play Five Nights at Freddy's.
I have played that. You should. I did
not know this about you. I played a long
time ago.
That's like when I was 15.
That makes sense. Dear God, I'm not
playing [__] Bear Quest. Christ
sakes.
Actually, you're going into note for
that.
[Music]
What? Oh, Bear Quest. [__] 4chan ass
[__]
There's another one. I play. You missed
that one. Yeah. To be fair though, you
totally could replay it, but it's a
little too soon, I feel like. No, I I
think it's It was just like a massive
update, but also I would wait. Don't.
All right, John Marson. Oh, since you
bought this millstone around our necks,
we'd better try and keep this place
going.
I paid our debts with that money. I uh I
don't want to talk about that money. And
no more that.
It's over, Abigail.
I'm sure.
Then get to work on this ranch you own
raising your boy.
Yes, ma'am.
Are you being sarcastic, John Marston?
Me?
Never.
Good.
Anyway, I thought you like this place.
I love it.
It's home. Wait, we have a whole ass
fence now. Wait, no, that was there.
Never mind.
Divorce, you guys. I sure as hell hope
so.
So, bad news about that. Red Dead
Redemption one. So, there's more. So,
there's more video game.
It's probably just open world [__]
Yeah, I think you can just like go do
quests that you haven't done.
Like the party ended hours ago and he's
still here.
He He really wants to fish.
Are you just going to Are you going to
be my shadow?
Is she going to follow you everywhere?
Does she ever stop?
Oh.
Oh, she actually didn't hear about you
at all. You know, it's kind of part for
the course.
[__] Do you even make money of horses?
Is there like Do you guys have sheep? I
thought that was going to be how you
make money, but I don't see any sheep.
It's not epalog. Elo's over.
[Music]
This is just like open world. Just like
go do all the side quests you haven't
done. I don't think there's actual more
story or anything. No, there isn't.
Yeah. I want to see if the house is
furnished though. Oh, yeah. True. What
if it's like still outside?
Old England. That's ridiculous.
What do you mean?
Are there stuff in here?
Oh, why is that one end of the room so
And I can't shoot any of it. Got it.
Can you get a car?
I don't quite think so yet.
Give it another little while. Not too
long, actually. Family dinner is now
available at food.
All right, I'll go eat family dinner.
new concept to me. I don't really have
one of those.
Don't worry. We'll we'll cook you the
slop. Can we have family dinner at
Babcon? Exactly. Have family dinner.
Sure.
Actual family, though. Yeah. Oh, true.
All right, guys. Talk about something
interesting. Go.
Uh, you see the weather lately?
I'll take that as a no. You know,
they don't [__] talk. What's wrong
with I haven't had food like this since
uh hell? I don't know. Since hell. Since
hell. Oh, Ultrakill reference. You're
eating so fast compared to your wife.
Hello.
So, hello. Finally made this family
honest, son.
That's uh great, P.
Really? I was glad you care.
We're a family. It's how it should be,
right? Uncle Uncle's part of the family.
That's around if you don't mind,
sir. Why is uncle here? This is Marston.
It ain't my handsome husband. Oh, now
you think he's Oh, now you [__] it. You
just had to put a ring on it, huh? Huh?
Now he's Now he's g me terrible pain.
I'm lucky I wouldn't smoke through.
You'll recover and real quick. I bet.
Uncle is John's adopted son. I I Okay,
sure.
Uncle's like a
weird animal that wanders into your
house and you They should put Uncle in
the attic instead of like a room. They
did.
That's literally what they did. You can
tell. Oh, yeah. You're right. I forgot.
I [__] remember. He just lives up
there. It's not an attic, but like Yeah.
It's It's a little They call him Sunle
now. They don't do that.
Uncle.
Wait, not it. You ever had an attic
uncle? Everyone has one. Oh, I get it.
I've never even been in an attic ever.
Really? I'll show you my attic. Attics
are fun. I have like, by the way, attic.
Insulation is sort of like clouds except
for it sucks for like your everything.
Okay, that was that was Red Dead
Redemption video games.
and I will be ending stream now that the
game is complete.
So said that was game. That was game.
That was game. That was game. And it's
all about the game. Thanks for coming
everyone. 82.5% credits rolled. That's
over. We had We had epilogue 2. It's
over.
Everyone go to bed. You have to You
actually have to 100% the game before
you're allowed to stop playing it.
Everyone go to bed. Every I don't care
what time it is where you are. Go to bed
now. Good night. Okay.
Good
night. Good night.